Skip to main content
Search

 UPLOAD
 SIGN UP | LOG IN
 
BOOKS
 
VIDEO
 
AUDIO
 
SOFTWARE
 
IMAGES
Sign up for free
Log in
 Search metadata
 Search text contents
 Search TV news captions
 Search radio transcripts
 Search archived web sites
Advanced Search
ABOUT BLOG PROJECTS HELP DONATE  CONTACT JOBS VOLUNTEER PEOPLE
Full text of "How to paint : a complete compendium of the art designed for the use of the tradesman, mechanic, merchant, and farmer, and to guide the professional painter ..."
See other formats




ft&itK >;>.&(> *i 
'1 r 'Kv 'If /v'. 


Wv ^ 






/ 



m 


Digitized by the Internet Archive 
in 2018 with funding from 
Getty Research Institute 


1 


https://archive.org/details/howtopaintcompleOOgard_O 







HOW TO PAINT. 


A COMPLETE COMPENDIUM OP 

THE ART. 

DESIGNED POR THE USE OP THE TRADESMAN, MECHANIC, 

Merchant, and parmer, 

AND TO GUIDE THE PROFESSIONAL PAINTER. 

CONTAINING 

A PLAIN COMMON-SENSE STATEMENT OP THE' METHODS 
EMPLOYED BY PAINTERS TO PRODUCE 
SATISFACTORY RESULTS 

IN 

PLAIN AND FANCY PARTING 

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, 

INCLUDING 

GILDING, BRONZING, STAINING, GRAINING, MARBLING, 
YARNISHING, POLISHING, KALSOMINING, 
PAPER-HANGING, 

Utrigiug, loitering, dogging, auiJ (Dranramting. 

WITH FORMULAS FOB MIXING FAINT IN OIL OB WATER ; DESCRIP¬ 
TIONS CF THE VARIOUS PIGMENTS USED, THEEB 
AVERAGE COST, AND THE TOOLS REQUIRED. 

BY F. B. GARDNER. 

Author of “ The Carriage Painter’s Manual.” 

ISTTS’W'-^TOJRK:.: 

SAMUEL E. WELLS, PUBLISHES, 

No. 389 Beoadway, 

1874 


Entered according to Act of Congress, in the year 1872, by 
SAMUEL R. WELLS, 

In the Office of the librarian of pongress, at Washington, 


THE j. PAUL GETTY CENTER 
library 


PREFACE. 



/HE success attending the publication 
of the “Carriage Painters’ Manual,” 
has stimulated rue to renewed efforts 
to make this volume as acceptable 
and useful to the general public as the 
former one has proved itself to be to the pro¬ 
fession. 

Having been frequently asked by acquain¬ 
tances and others for information pertaining 
to the art of painting not immediately con¬ 
nected with carriage work, I have finally 
overcome an impression, long entertained, 
that a book which answered such questions 
and treated the art in a more general manner, 
(5) 



6 


Preface. 


would be, financially, a failure, and an injury 
to tlie craft,—and have therefore prepared 
these pages with a view to benefit my fellow- 
men. 

It is not claimed that by reading or study¬ 
ing this little volume, any one may take up 
the brush or pencil and execute work equal to 
that done by a practical painter. For, it 
must be remembered, that painting is not 
simply a mechanical, but an artistic occupa¬ 
tion ; and requires extended practice, and a 
thorough training to master the art. How¬ 
ever, a person possessing ingenuity may pre¬ 
pare the painting mixture ’and spread it with 
a brush in a self-satisfactory manner, by 
following the directions I have endeavored to 
simplify for that purpose. By using no tech¬ 
nical terms without fully interpreting them, 
and giving formulas for mixing paints within 
the limits of a village supply, I trust my en 
deavors will be appreciated. 


The Authoe. 




f HAVE been repeatedly asked by parents 
having boys who show an aptitude for, 

? and are desirous of learning, the finer 
descriptions of painting, such as lettering, 
scrolling, and ornamenting, where they 
may be apprenticed, or with whom placed, to 
study and learn the art; and as there seems 
to be a prevailing impression that it is as 
easy to secure such a place as to apprentice a 
boy to the shoemaking trade, I will endeavor 
to show the fallacy of such an idea, and, if 
possible, lead the aspirant for artistic honors 
in a proper channel. 

First, then, all fine painting, requires time 

(7) 



8 


“Pro Bono Publico.” 


to execute it properly—for such work cannot 
be hurried or slighted to any great extent— 
an experienced or well practiced eye and 
hand, and a judgment based upon a thorough 
knowledge of the art. Such work is generally 
expensive, from the fact that he who possesses 
these requisites, has spent years, perhaps, of 
study and practice, to obtain them. 

If the practical workman is engaged upon 
this class of work, each stroke of his pencil is 
accurately made, each color or shade is applied 
or blended properly, to produce the desired 
result ; and any effort at assistance by an 
inexperienced hand would retard and injure 
rather than improve the work. So it is plainly 
seen that an apprentice cannot jump into the 
perfection necessary to perform this work, 
and, consequently, is not' a desirable auxiliary 
to the artist. 

Again, the artist may be employed on work 
directly under the supervision of his employer, 
who expects and requires the artist’s own 



“Pro Bono Publico.” 


9 


handiwork, or that of his experienced assist¬ 
ants ; and the apprentice has no opportunity 
to learn by practice at the expense of the art¬ 
ist’s employer. 

There are those in the business who express 
a willingness to take an apprentice, and who 
pretend to teach him the art; but the poor 
boy will find that he is only wasting time, doing 
profitable work for his employer, such as grind¬ 
ing colors, cleaning tools, running errands, 
etc. For it is an impossibility for a boy to 
assist a painter on fine work, until he has 
learned, by practice, a good part of the work. 
Many parents, foreseeing the difficulties which 
beset the apprentice at this trade, agree with 
a good painter, for a sum of money, to instruct 
their boy, and by that means the pupil secures 
practice directly under the guidance of the 
artist on work specially designed for it, until 
sufficiently advanced to assist his teacher on 
good or permanent work. The cheapest, and, 
I think, the best way to learn the art, is to 



10 


‘ : Pro Bono Publico.” 


procure a good book on tbe subject, study it 
well, purchase necessary tools, colors, etc.; 
and begin the practice of painting with the. 
book for a teacher. When opportunity offers 
to watch the movements of a painter, when 
engaged, study his work while in progress, 
and after completion ; practice as long and as 
frequently as circumstances will permit, and 
in a few months the student may enter a 
workshop or painter’s studio to work “ under 
instructions,” confident that he now has the 
opportunity to lay the only sure foundation 
for acquiring the whole art ; namely, practice. 






CHAPTER I. 



fainting, 

j’HE first consideration of the painter, is 
to secure a proper foundation 01 
ground, on which to spread his paint. 
The surface on which the paint is to 
be applied should be thoroughly 
cleaned, by washing, or rubbing with sand¬ 
paper or cloth, and well dusted. If it be 
of wood it should be free from moisture or 
dampness. The “ priming ” or first coat of 
paint should be made of white lead ground 
in oil and diluted with raw linseed oil to the 
proper consistency for spreading with a 
brush evenly. This mixture may be made 
to dry quicker by adding a small quan- 

( 11 ) 




12 


Every Man 


tity of Japan Gold Size or patent dryer 
Either of these dryers may be used with 
safety as regards durability or wearing quali¬ 
ties of the paint — provided an excess is not 
added—when it is intended for wood surfaces. 

Priming should be well worked into all 
cracks or imperfections, which afterwards are 
to be filled with putty, that the same may 
adhere well. The following rules, if well fol • 
lowed, will be found of advantage to the 
beginner. 

1. Mix the colors or paints according to the 
formulas laid down in these pages, being 
careful to get the proper proportions. 

2. Judge as near as possible the quantity 
required, and mix more than enough rather 
than less. 

3. Always keep the paint well stirred in the 
cup while at work, for some pigments settle 
to the bottom very quickly. 

4. Never put a coat of paint or varnish 
over a surface not perfectly dry and hard. 



His Own Painter. 


13 




5. Lay on the paint smoothly ; taking as 
long a sweep with the brush as possible, and 
do ;not haggle or “ tease ” the work into short 
patches of paint. 

6. Do not fill your brush to overflowing to 
drop and spatter over other parts of the work, 
nor replenish it before well exhausted. 

7. Keep your tools, your work and your 
clothing as clean as possible. 


TOOLS USED BY PAINTERS. 

The tools used by the painter are not nu¬ 
merous in detail, although he may, if a good 
and careful workman, possess a great many 
alike, or similar in form, but used for dissimilar 
purposes ; and I will here describe them. 

In olden times, before machinery had 
reached the important position it now holds 
in our workshops, painters mixed and ground 
their pigments or colors on a marble slab. 




14 


Every Man 


using another small piece of stone as a rubbei 
or grinder ; and to-day, notwithstanding the 
innovations made by machinery, tire “ stone 
and muller ” are indispensable articles in the 
paint shop. White marble is found prefera¬ 
ble for the purpose, as a delicate shade of 
color can be better determined on a white 
ground, than upon a black or variegated one. 

Th e palette knife is a companion of the stone 
and muller. It is made of fine steel, and is 
very thin and flexible. Various sizes may be 
found in the supply stores, but a knife twelve 
inches long and one inch wide vvll be best for 
general use. To use these tools, the pigment, 
or color, is placed upon the stone, and if it be 
in lumps, the muller is used to crush them to 
a powder. The liquids with which the paint is 
to be mixed are then added, and the whole is 
mixed or stirred together with the palette 
knife. The muller is again called into requi¬ 
sition to rub or grind the mass of coarse paint 
to a proper state for laying on the work. 



His Own Painter. 


15 


Although the marble slab may be used for 
grinding and mixing paints of every kind, the 
process is too slow and laborious when large 
quantities of paint are required; and the 
paint mill is therefore a labor-saving and use¬ 
ful implement. We present an engraving of 
the most approved mill, and refer our readers 
to other pages for further information con¬ 
cerning paint-mills. 



HARRIS* PATENT PAINT MILL. 










CHAPTER II. 


JVirusbrs. 



HERE are many kinds and qualities 
of brushes, among which are, first, the 
ordinary or common paint brashes. 
These are made of hog’s bristles and 


^ are of various sizes, designated by 
dealers as 0, 00/000, one inch, two inches, etc. 
Some are round, some oval shaped, and others 
flat. The round brashes are used principally by 
house painters, on large surfaces. The oval 
ones are generally made of better material, 
and are used for fine painting, as on carriage 
work, or for varnishing. The flat brushes are 
useful on any kind of work. In purchasing 


aoi 


Every Man His Own Painter. 17 


this class of brushes, care should be taken to 
get those only which are well bound—the 
wire-bound brushes are considered best—the 
handles tight in the socket, if in tin-binding, 
and the bristles soft,. yet elastic. The latter 
quality may be tested by bending the bristles 
in the hands. The flat brushes should be 
chosen for their plentiful supply of bristles, for 
a thin flat brush is not a proper tool to lay 
paint evenly. A thin flat brush is used by 
grainers in imitating different kinds of wood. 

Carriage painters, use flat brushes for var¬ 
nishing, and these are generally made ex¬ 
pressly for the purpose. The brushmaker 
takes the required quantity of bristles to form 
a brush, and draws back the outside bristles 
on each side of a centre line, equally and 
evenly, forming a chisel or bevelled edge,, 
thereby leaving the split end of the bristle on 
the brush, not ground or worn off —this makes 
the brush softer and more elastic than other 
descriptions of bristle varnish brushes. 

2 



18 


Every Man 


“Sash Tools” are tlie small-sized round 
bristle brushes, and are used to wipe or 
smooth the paint in comers, and around 
mouldings or sashes, or for painting where it 
would be impracticable to use a large brush. 

Smaller bristle brushes, bound in tin, are 
called by some painters “Fitches,” but for 
what reason I cannot conjecture, as they have 
no connection with the Fitch-hair brushes 
ol the brush-maker, The large, round or oval 
blushes should have an extra binding put on 
when new, for the bristles are too long to work 
well. Some painters bind a strong cord 
around to the proper distance and secure each 
end to the handle. But a better way is to 
take a piece of strong muslin and wrap one 
thickness around the bristles, then tie a cord 
around the same as low as you desire the 
binding to come—say, one-third the length 
of the bristles, then fold the muslin back 
toward the handle and fasten it by tieing or 



His Own Painter. 


L9 


tacking to the original binding. This will be 
found an excellent plan for varnish tools. 

Camels’-hair brushes or blenders, are made, 
as their name indicates, of camels’-hair bound 
in tin, with flat, red cedar handles. They are 
used for laying fine colors on smooth surfaces, 
and are employed by the carriage painter to a 
great extent. They are also used for spread¬ 
ing the size used in gilding on glass, and may. 
be used dry to dust off gold or delicate 
• surfaces. 

All brushes when not in use, used for paint¬ 
ing, should be kept suspended in water, and 
the most convenient way is shown in the 
engraving much better than any written de¬ 
scription I might give. 

Nails are driven through the staves of a tub 
in such a manner that the brushes may be 
suspended thereon, allowing the ends to just 
clear the bottom, and the water to reach only 
to the binding. 



20 


Every Man 



Fitcii-hair Varnish Brushes. —These are 
made of a dark colored hair, very elastic and 
soft, neatly bound in tin, with turned handles. 
They are used for very fine varnishing, as on 
carriage bodies ; on fine work boxes, and fur¬ 
niture, or over gold leaf or any delicate sur¬ 
face, where a fine finish is desired. 

There is an imitation Fitch-hair brush sold 
for one-half the price charged for the genuine 
article, but they will prove to be “poor tools 
at best,” and should not be purchased for the 
purpose of varnishing. The real Fitch-hair 






















His Own Painter. 


21 


brush generally costs one dollar per inch, 
width measure. 

Varnish brushes should be kept suspended 
in varnish, when not in use, not in oil or tur¬ 
pentine, for the latter destroys the elasticity of 
the hair or bristles and eventually ruins the 
brush. A tin box, as shown in the engraving, 



CAN FOE VAENISH TOOLS. 


is used in well-regulated paint-shops to keep 
the varnish tools in. But a simple substitute 
may be made, as follows : Take a tin can and 
pierce two small holes in opposite sides, near 
the top, then make similar holes in the 




















22 


Every Man 


handles of the brushes, being careful to have 
the holes low enough down to allow the ends 
of the brushes to clear the bottom at least 
an inch. Then suspend them by putting a 
piece of wire through the holes of the can and 
the handles, and put in sufficient varnish to 
just cover the binding one-half its depth ; 
then cover the whole with a wooden box, to 
exclude the dust. 

Varnish brushes should never be allowed to 
touch water under any circumstances, as it not 
only injures the elasticity of the hair, but a 
resinous substance is formed in the “ hilt ” of 
the brush, which can never be thoroughly 
removed, and which will work out little by 
little when the brush is used, destroying the 
smooth, glassy surface which might other¬ 
wise be obtained. 

Smaller brushes than those mentioned, are 
called “pencils.” Striping pencils are made 
of camels’-hair, sable-hair, ox-hair, etc. ; the 
hair being about one and a half inches in 



His Own Painter. 


23 


length and bound in quills. Camels’-hair 
pencils are generally used on ordinary work, 
and cost from five to fifteen cents each ; while 
the sable pencils are best for fine striping, 
and range in price from fifty cents to two 
dollars each. 

This description of pencil is used for letter¬ 
ing and scrolling, the hair being a little shorter 
only. 

Ox-hair pencils are excellent for fine lines 
in striping, and made fiat, or as some call them, 
,£ dagger pencils.” The cut will show their 


A 



B 


form. They are used by holding them edge¬ 
wise to the work, and allowing but one-half 
the length of the hair to touch. 

Ornamenting, or artists’ pencils, are made 
of various kinds of material, some very fine 
and soft, others stiff and harsh. They are 
bound in tin or brass, with long cedar handles. 









24 Every Man His Own Painter. 


and are sold from ten cents to one dollar, 
according to size and quality. 

Stencil brushes are short stiff brashes for 
painting over stencil plates, price from thirty 
to fifty cents each. (See Stenciling.) Soft hair 
brashes, made in similar form, are used by 
artists for blending shades, and instead of lay¬ 
ing on the color, they merely strike the 
freshly painted surface with the end of the 
brash, called “ stippling.” 

All pencils should be well .rinsed out in 
turpentine and well greased with tallow, be¬ 
fore laying aside after use. 

A few other tools of the painter are, the 
Putty-knife, Palette, and Rest-stick, Chamois 
skin, Sponge, Combs for graining, Brick 
Pencils, and Dusting Brash. 




CHAPTER III. 

JJl'g Cnicrrs. 

« T is not my intention to enter into details 
of color-making, or rather, the chemical 

f preparation of coloring substances, for in 
these days of improvement, the painter 
is not compelled to make his pigments, as 
in “ auld lang syne;” therefore, if I describe 
those sold by the dealer, the method of mix¬ 
ing them, and their combinations to form 
shades and tints, it will, I doubt not, be entirely 
sufficient. 


WHITE LEAD. 

This pigment is the principal one used in 
the art, as it forms the best foundation for 

< 25 ) 



26 


Every Man 


laying on other colors, and is the basis for 
most of the tints and shades. If perfectly 
pure it will be found “ ropy,” when lifted from 
the keg with the knife, while adulterations, or 
lead mixed with whiting, barytus, etc., is 
generally short and crumbling. There are 
many brands of white lead, each claiming to 
possess the best qualities, and perhaps each, if 
pure, are good,—but cheap, adulterated lead 
should be avoided, as it is always the dearest 
in the end. 


ZINC WHITE. 

This is similar to white lead in appearance, 
but has less body or covering qualities. It is 
frequently used over white lead paint, when an 
extra finish is desired. It is a beautiful white 
color, and when mixed with white varnish, it 
forms the “ China Gloss ” of commerce. 




His Own Painter. 


27 


LAMPBLACK. 

The best is “ refined black,” or that which 
has been burned in a furnace to destroy its 
greasy nature. It may be mixed with oil, 
varnish, or turpentine, and used without 
grinding. It is a cheap and durable color. 


DROP, OR PATENT-BLACK. 

This is a superior color, made from animal 
charcoal or burnt bones. It is used extensively 
in carriage-painting, mixed as follows. The 
lumps are pulverized on the ‘ stone ’ and mixed 
to a thick paste with turpentine. It is then put 
into the mill and diluted with a sufficient 
quantity of Brown Japan or Japan Gold-size 
to allow it to be ground freely, care being 
taken not to make it too thin. When the 
mixture has been ground fine,—and it may be 
necessary to run it through the mill twice,— 
add carriage rubbing varnish in the proportion 
of one gill to a pint of paint, to bind the color 




28 


Every Man 


well, or if there be time enough given to dry, 
one-half a gill of boiled linseed oil may be 
used instead of the varnish. Then if too thick 
to spread easily add a little turpentine. 


IVORY BLACK 

Is the ne plus ultra of blacks, and is used on 
fine work only, being quite expensive. It is 
made from burnt ivory, and is a very difficult 
color to grind. 


PRUSSIAN BLUE. 

This is the strongest bodied color of its 
class, and may be mixed in the same manner 
as patent black ; but in its pure state it is too 
dark for ordinary purposes. It is changed to 
any desired shade by mixing with it a little 
white. When added to black it improves or 
enriches the latter, making a fine blue-black. 





His Own Painter. 


29 


ULTRAMARINE. 

A beautiful shade of blue. When mixed 
with white it can be used on all descriptions 
of work, but in its pure state it possesses very 
little body, and is therefore frequently used as 
a glazing over other blue grounds. It retails 
for about 40 cents per lb. 

GREEN. 

There are many shades and qualities of 
green, the most useful of which is Chrome 
Green. It is a strong bodied color, and may 
be changed from its pure state or particular 
shade, to an endless variety of shades, by 
adding Prussian Blue to darken, or Chrome 
Yellow to lighten. Yerdigris, Terre Yerte. 
Cobalt Green, and Emerald Green are all fine 
colors, and are used for nice painting. 

YELLOW. 

Chrome Yellow is the principal one of this 
class, of which there are many shades, namely 





30 


Every Man 


light, medium, deep lemon, and orange. It 
retails for about 30 cents per lb. Yellow Ochre 
is a yellow earth, and is a very useful and 
durable color for barns, outbuildings, fences, 
floors, and all common work. It is sold in 
large quantities for two or three cents per lb. 


. VERMILION. 

There are many kinds of vermilion. That 
most frequently used is of English manufacture. 
This is divided into two shades, the light, and 
the deep ; the former, having the most body 
or covering qualities, is used for lettering and 
ornamenting. 

Chinese vermilion would be, if possible to 
procure it unadulterated, the finest red in use; 
but it is so frequently tampered with, that the 
English is now the leading article. American 
vermilion is a very good pigment for ordinary 
work, and a quality known as California ver¬ 
milion is extensively used on the panels of 




His Own Painter. 


31 


railroad cars, proving to be good and durable. 
Vermilion is a mixture of sulphur and mercury, 
and is frequently found to turn to a dark 
brown color if exposed to th6 atmosphere. A 
remedy for this is, to add one-eighth part 
flour of sulphur to the paint when mixing. 

English Vermilion is sold for from 95 cents 
to 81.75 per lb. Chinese, which is put up in 
small paper packages, retails for from $1.00 to 
$1.50 per lb. American, in six pound cans, 
35 cents per lb. The California brand, $1.50. 


BROWN. 

Burnt Umber, Raw Umber, Sienna, Van¬ 
dyke Brown, Spanish Brown, are all brownish 
colors ; but the better way is for the painter 
to make browns by mixing red and black to 
any desired shade. 

LAKE. 

There are many kinds of lake colors. - Some 
are procured in small lumps or drops, others 





32 


Every Man 


in powdered form, and others in cakes or 
broken pieces. 

Those most frequently used are : 

Carmine—Scarlet—Yellow—Florentine I 

* V LAKE 

Munich—Madder—Purple—Crimson j 

These colors, when mixed for solid colors, 
should not be allowed to dry “dead,” but 
should have an egg-shell gloss ; otherwise the 
beauty of the color is lost. This is done by 
adding to the paint when mixed a few drops 
of carriage varnish. A black ground is con¬ 
sidered best for lake, although some prefer a 
dark brown. This is the color so much 
admired on coach panels, and called by some, 
“wine color” and “claret.” It may be used 
for glazing over vermilion, and frequently 
takes the place of carmine. 

CARMINE. 

This is a beautiful crimson or blood-red 
color, and the most expensive color used, 
usually costing $3.00 per ounce. It is there- 




His Own Painter. 


33 


fore used for glazing over reds or browns. 


ROSE-PINK. 

Tbis is an imitation of lake, and as it soon 
fades or loses its crimson tint, it is not em¬ 
ployed to any great extent. 


WHITING. 

A. species of chalk, used in making white¬ 
wash or kalsomine for walls. It is not suit¬ 
able for oil painting, as it turns to a dirty 
brown color when mixed. It retails for five 
cents per pound. 

GLUE. 

Good glue should be a light brown color, 
semi-transparent, and free from waves or 
cloudy lines. When desired for use it should 
be broken into small pieces and placed in a 
vessel containing sufficient water to cover it, 
in which it will soften and swell ; then it must 
3 






34 


Every Man 


be heated and boiled ; and this should be done 
by setting the vessel containing the glue into 
another vessel of water, in which is placed a 
few pebbles or nails to prevent the glue vessel 
from touching the bottom. Set this over the 
fire, and when the glue is dissolved and has 
boiled a few moments, it is ready for use. 
Cooper’s glue sells in New York for about 25 
cents per lb. 


PUMICE-STONE. 

Pumice-stone in the lump is used by painters 
to level painted surfaces. In carriage painting, 
a coarse mixture of paint is put on the work, 
and dried. Then having cut the stone level 
and smooth with a saw or file, the workman 
rubs the surface of the work thus prepared, 
using water in abundance to prevent heating 
or scratching, until a smooth level surface or 
foundation for other paints is obtained. 

Pulverized pumice-stone is used to remove 
the gloss and imperfections on varnished 




His Own Painter. 


35 


surfaces, by rubbing with a woolen cloth and 
water. 

Rattan Stone is used in the same manner, but 
only on work which requires polishing. 

The surface having been well rubbed with 
the fine pumice-stone and water, the operation 
is repeated, using rotton stone, finely pulver¬ 
ized, in the place of the pumice-stone, until a 
slight gloss appears ; then, sweet oil is sub¬ 
stituted for water, and the rubbing process is 
continued ; finally the rotton stone and oil is 
cleaned off by rubbing wheat flour over the 
work, and the brilliant gloss improved by 
rubbing with a soft silk handkerchief or the 
palm of the hand. t 

ASPHALTUM 

Is a resinous substance, quite black in ap¬ 
pearance when dry, but of a brownish tint 
when mixed for use. It may be procured in 
lumps and ground for use as required ; but it 
is best to purchase the prepared article, direct 




36 Every Man His Own Painter 


from the dealer. It is a very transparent 
color, and is excellent for shading over gold 
leaf, as in scrolls and ornamental work. It 
may be nsed to advantage in staining in 
imitation of hard woods. 





CHAPTER IY. 


yixjttifcs. 


SPIRITS OF TURPENTINE. 





HIS is a highly inflammable fluid, and 
as spoaen of before in these pages, 
extremely volatile. The odor from 
good turpentine is stronger but not 
so offensive or unpleasant as that 
which arises from an inferior quality, and this 
peculiarity may be sometimes turned to 
advantage in testing its qualities. It is con¬ 
sidered very injurious to the health of the 
painter, both by inhaling its fumes, and by 
absorption through the pores of the skin, and 
I would here caution painters to abstain from 
using it as a means of cleaning the hands. 

( 37 ) 


38 


Every Man 


Its price varies from 50 cents to $1.00 per 
gallon. 


BENZINE 

Is frequently substituted for, and mixed 
■with turpentine by unprincipled dealers, but it 
is so far inferior to that article that its use 
will not be countenanced by even a medium 
workman, except on very common work. 


OILS. 

For ordinary work linseed oil is best. But 
artists use oil of lavender, oil of spike, oil of 
poppies, etc., in mixing fine colors. Raw 
linseed oil is preferable for first coats, for being 
more limpid than the boiled oil, it readily 
penetrates the pores or grains of wood, and 
secures the same against moisture. The 
longer oil is kept the better, both in regard to 
its drying qualities and its transparency. 





His Own Painter. 


39 


VARNISHES. 

The varnish list embraces an almost endless 
variety. I will mention only those most 
commonly used. The best and most durable 
varnishes are used in carriage painting. 

Carriage - rubbing Varnish, the first on the 
list, is used to fill up or produce a level sur¬ 
face over paint, on which to spread other and 
better qualities of varnishes. It dries suffi¬ 
ciently hard to handle in about ten hours ; but 
should be allowed a longer time to harden, 
before the process of rubbing with pumice- 
stone is begun. 

Carriage Varnish is superior to Furniture 
Varnish, and I would recommend its use for 
varnishing furniture. 

Hard-drying Body Varnish.— This is used for 
finishing coats over a levelled surface, on work 
not requiring the greatest durability, and is 
particularly adapted for the best inside work. 




40 


Every Man 


Wearing Body Varnish. —This is very pale, 
and surpasses all others in freedom of working, 
as well as in brilliancy and durability. Though 
a long time in hardening, it dries out of the 
way of dust in ten or twelve hours, and sets so 
slowly that ample time is allowed to accom¬ 
plish a perfect job on the largest area of 
surface. 

Furniture Varnish. —This is an inferior 
quality of Varnish, possessing more resinous 
substance than copal, or mastic gums. It is 
generally sufficiently durable and glossy for 
the purpose designed. 

Average Price of Varnishes. 


$ cts. 

Carriage-Rubbing. per gallon ... 4.00 

Hard-Drying Body. “ “ 4.75 

Coach, No 1.^ “ “ _5.00 

Wearing Body. “ “ .... 6.00 

English. “ “ 6.50 

Furniture. “ “ 3.00 

Japan Gold Size (a dryer) “ “ 3.50 

Brown Japan. . “ “ .... 2.00 

Enamelled J^eather Varnish “ “ _ 4.00 


















His Own Painter. 


41 


Shellac Varnish.— This may be purchased 
ready prepared, but it is best to make it when 
required. 

Take one lb. of gum shellac and put it in an 
ear them vessel, cover it with alcohol (90 per 
cent, is best) and set it in a warm place; shako 
the mixture occasionally, and in a day or two 
it will be ready for use. It is used to prevent 
the resinous substance in pine knots from 
striking out through the paint, by simply 
coating them over before the priming is put on. 

A little lampblack added to this varnish 
forms an excellent harness varnish. 

Japan Gold Size. —This is a superior liquid 
dryer for paints. It is lighter colored than 
Brown Japan dryer, with nearly double its, 
strength. On account of its paleness and the; 
less quantity required, it is especially valuable, 
for use with light-colored paints, and being an 
oil dryer, is much less hurtful to the work than 
Brown Japan. 


42 


Every Man 


Brown Japan.— A liquid dryer for paints, and 
thougli not considered as good as the Gold 
Size, it is extensively used for the purpose 
designed. 

A good dryer for paints is made by grinding 
or dissolving a small quantity of sugar of lead 
in linseed oil. 

Size, or Mordant Varnishes .—One of the best 
Mordants or sizing for signs, or work to be 
exposed to the weather, is called/ai oil size. It 
may be purchased ready mixed, but is best 
when prepared as follows: Expose boiled 
linseed oil to a strong heat in a pan ; when it 
begins to smoke, set fire to the oil, allow it to 
burn a moment, and then suddenly extinguish 
it by covering the pan. This will be ready for 
use when cold, but will require thinning with 
.a little turpentine. 

QUICK GOLD SIZE. 

For lettering, striping, and ornamenting on 
wagons, furniture or other articles, and which 




His Own Painter. 


43 


will be coated over with varnish, the best is 
put up in half gallon cans and labelled 
“Gold Size,” and sells for about $4.00 per 
gallon. 

But in case this is not easily obtained, take 
equal parts of carriage finishing varnish and 
Brown Japan, and a fair imitation of the 
Quick gold size will be formed. 


ASPHALTUM, 

As procured from the dealer in liquid form, 
and diluted with turpentine and a few drops 
of linseed oil, will be found an excellent size 
for light or pale gold leaf, or gold bronze. 

A good gold size is made by adding a little 
honey to dissolved glue ; and is used by fresco 
painters in decorating walls and ceilings. The 
brilliancy of the gold is greatly improved 
when put over this size ; but it must not be 
varnished over. 




44 Every Man His Own Painter. 


SIZE FOR GILDING ON GLASS. 

Drop a few pieces of isinglass into a pint of 
boiling water, and when thoroughly dissolved, 
strain through clean muslin. (See Gilding.) 





CHAPTER Y. 



#il (&alaxu. 

J 0R the use of persons who have no 
facilities for grinding paints, colors 
g ronnc [ ; n oil and put up in small tin 
boxes or cans may be purchased at the 
paint stores. They are excellent for 
mixing with white paint to form shades or 
tints, or for use in their pure state, by thinning 
with turpentine, and adding a little dryer. 

Similar colors ground exceedingly fine for 
artists’ use, are put up in tubes of soft tin, 
having a screw cap or cover. "When required 
for use, the cover is removed, and by a gentle 
pressure of the fingers upon the sides of the 
tube the color is ejected. 

t451 






46 


Every Man 


The list embraces the following colors 


Yollow Lake 
Dntek Pink 
English Pink 
Italian Pink 
Kings Yellow 
Chinese Yellow 
Indian Yellow 
Rose Pink 
Carmine 
Vermilion 
Madder Lake 
Indigo Blue 
Intense Blue 
Antwerp Blue 
Prussian Blue 
Sap Green 


Green Verditer 
Mountain Green 
Chrome Green 
Verdigris 
Terre Verto 
Cobalt Green 
Purple Ochre 
Yellow Ochre 
Oxford Ochre 
Roman Ochre 
Purple Lake 
Burnt Sienna 
Raw Sienna 
Burnt Umber 
Raw Umber 


Cassel Earth 
Cologne Earth 
Asphaltum 
Emerald Green 
Indian Red 
Venetian Red 
Naples Yellow 
Chrome Yellow 
Ivory Black 
Lamp Black 
Orange Yellow 
'Flake White 
Crems Whito 
Sugar of Lead 
Ultramarine. 


COMPOUND COLORS. 

It would be an endless task to enumerate 
all the colors formed by the mixture of other 
colors. I will therefore give the simplest 
method of making various tints, leaving the 
reader to exercise his own judgment as regards 
others not mentioned. If you would produce 




His Own Painter. 


47 


Straw Color 

add 

Chrome Yellow to White Lead 

Silver Gray 

Rose Color ) 

it 

Lampblack and Indigo to White 

Pink \ 

it 

Carmine or Lake to White 

Pea Green 

it 

Chrome Green to White 

Lead Color 

i i 

Lampblack to White 

Wood Color 

a 

Raw Umber to White 

Brilliant Green 

it 

Emerald Green to White 

Bright Green 

a 

Paris Green to_ White 

Drab Color 

ft 

Umber to White 

Bute Color 

it 

Yellow Ochre to White 

Salmon Color 

a 

Red,Umber and Yellowto White 

Flesh Color 

a 

Carmine to Straw Color 

Dark Green 

it 

Black to Chrome Green 

Brown 

it 

Red and Black to suit 

Purple 

a 

Red to light Blue 

Pearl Color 

“ 

Blue to Lead color 

Orange 

it 

Vermilion to Chrome Yellow 

Olive 

a 

Chrome Yellow, Blue, Black 
and Red 

Chestnut 

it 

White to Brown 

Chocolate 

a 

Yellow to Brown 

Cream White 


White, tinted with Red and 
Yellow 

French White 


White, tinted with Purple color 

Pearl White 


White, tinted with Blue and 
Purple 

Ashes of Roses 


White, tinted with Lead color 
and Lake 

French Gray 


White, tinted with Black and 



Purple. 





CHAPTER YI. 

HVmng Jpaint. 

) essential qualities of paint are : 

1. Body, or covering quality. 

2. Fluidity. 

3. Drying and hardening. 

4. Binding or adhesiveness. 

5. Durability. 

It is not always within the power of the 
painter to adjust the first mentioned quality, 
for, as shown elsewhere, some pigments are 
opaque, others transparent; and no art known 
to the painter can change these peculiarities, 
vet, he may so combine them when making 
colors and shad.es, that the transparent color 
will be less transparent, or nearly opaque. 
(48) 





Every Man His Own Painter. 49 

It is sometimes found that paint “ curdles ” 
or “ thickens ” in the cup, and repeated addi¬ 
tions of liquids, to give it fluidity or ease in 
spreading with the brush, destroys its body 
or opaqueness. The cause of this is attribu¬ 
table to improper quantities or proportions of 
the liquids employed in mixing. If an excess 
of dryers be added to oil color it will immedi¬ 
ately “ curdle,” and form a glutinous mass „ 
while a lesser quantity, and yet a sufficiency 
to dry the paint, will not “ curdle ” it, provid¬ 
ing the liquids or dryers (if not liquids') be 
of good quality. Therefore an excess of 
dryers will not always be advantageous on 
hurried work. 

The drying qualities of paint are not always 
given by dryers alone. Many of the pigments 
are of themselves dryers, among which may 
be mentioned red lead, umber, sienna, and 
Vandyke brown ; and these therefore do not 
require so large a quantity of dryers when 
mixed with oil. 


4 


50 


Every Man 


Binding is an important feature in quick 
drying paints, or, as called, “ Dead color,” to 
insure adhesion to the "work. If paint be 
mixed with turpentine alone, the turpentine 
will quickly evaporate and leave no residuum, 
except the dry pigment, which may be easily 
dusted from the work ; therefore, oil or var¬ 
nish is added to paint to bind the particles 
together. They, unlike turpentine, form a re¬ 
sinous coating by absorbing oxygen in drying. 

None but the oils spoken of in these pages 
are ever used in painting, excepting a prepared 
fish oil, which is used sometimes on common 
work. 

Paint intended for outside work, and which 
will not be protected by varnish, is mixed as 
follows : 

Crush the color, if in lumps, and mix to a 
stiff paste with linseed oil, boiled or raw—but 
the latter is preferable—then, if a dark color, 
add brown Japan or gold size, in the propor¬ 
tion of one-half a pint to a gallon of oil; if a 



His Own Painter. 


51 


light-color, use patent dryer in similar quanti¬ 
ties. 

If oil colors are used, mix as follows : 


WHITE PAINT. 

Take the white lead from the keg and mix 
it in another vessel with linseed oil to the 
consistency of thick cream, then add a small 
quantity of Japan gold size* and stir all well 
together. 

Now, we have the foundation for two or 
more coats of paint, and the subsequent dilut¬ 
ing or thinning will determine the order of 
application. 

First Coat, or Priming. —Reduce the above 
mixture to the proper consistency for spread¬ 
ing thin and evenly with the brush, with more 
oil, using nothing else whatever, if durability 
is desired. • 

* Japan gold size is now manufactured light enough 
in color to mix in white paint for a dryer, without 
affecting the white color to any great extent. 




52 


Every Man 


Second Coat, to be applied when the priming 
is thoroughly dry and hard ; reduce the foun¬ 
dation mixture to the proper consistency, with 
turpentine only. 

Thikd, or other Coats. —If necessary to apply 
more than two coats of white lead paint to 
cover the surface, the same preparation as for 
the second coat may be used, always giving 
the paint time to harden before applying 
another coat. 

White Paint for Inside Work.— Take white 
lead from the keg and mix to the consistency 
of cream with turpentine, then add one-half 
pint of light-colored carriage varnish to every 
gallon of paint. This=will be found an excellent 
feature of white paint, inasmuch as it can be 
washed with soapsuds, and easily cleaned when 
desired, while white paints, as mixed by many 
paintef’s, will not stand a soapsuds washing. 

This paint is intended for coating over an 
old surface ; and the amateur must bear in 



His Own Painter. 


53 


mind that all new wood should be coated with 
priming, as described on the preceding page, 
before the finishing coats are applied. 

v 

Zinc "White, a superior white for finishing 
coats over white lead paint, is sometimes 
mixed to dry “flat” (the house painter’s 
term for paint which dries without a gloss), 
and used in the same manner as white lead. 
But a beautiful finish may be given to parlors 
or extra work in houses by mixing the zinc in 
white damar varnish, forming the China gloss 
of commerce. This mixture is applied when 
the white lead paint is dry, and it is best to 
“ flow ” it on, that is, lay on as heavy a coat as 
possible, being careful to brush it well and 
quickly, that it may flow or settle and leave nc 
brush marks. 


OIL COLOR FOR OUTSIDE WORK, 

TO BE PROTECTED BY VARNISH. 

If dry pigments are used, crush the lumps, 
and mix to a stiff paste with turpentine, on 




54 


Every Man 


the stone ; then put the mass in the paint 
mill and add sufficient Japan dryer to reduce 
it to a fluid state—hut not too thin, as it will 
not grind easily. When ground fine, add 
linseed oil until of the proper consistency to 
spread nicely. 

Dead or flat Color, as used by carriage 
painters and useful on any work which will 
be varnished, is made in a similar manner, 
leaving out the oil and adding a few spoonsful 
of carriage varnish to bind the paint well; 
then, if too thick, thinning with turpentine. 
This paint will dry in fifteen minutes, and is 
called by some workmen “ quick color.” 

Colors ground in oil, and put up in tin 
boxes, may be procured at almost any village 
store, and are excellent for use where the 
paint mill is not accessible. These colors are 
simply diluted with oil or turpentine, accord¬ 
ing to the purpose desired, and a little dryei 
added. When tints from white are desired, 



His Own Painter. 


5K 

these colors may be employed with great 
eeonomy. 

Let the workman mix a tub of white lead 
paint, as previously shown, and to this mixture 
add a little by little of the color from the tin 
can until the desired shade is produced. 


PUTTY. 

Common Window Putty. —Mix whiting and 
linseed oil to a stiff dough. 

Carriage Painters’ Putty. —Take dry white 
lead and mix with one part brown Japan and 
one part carriage rubbing varnish. A com¬ 
mon wagon putty is made by using whiting 
in the place of dry white lead and adding a 
small quantity of white lead in oil, from the 
keg. This putty should be kept in water when 
not in use, to prevent drying. 

Cementing Putty, for water or gas pipes .— 
Take red lead and white lead, equal weight, 
and mix with boiled oil. 




56 Every Man His Own Painter. 


Potty for Furniture. —Mix whiting, Indian 
red and lampblack in equal parts, with car¬ 
riage varnish, adding a small piece of beeswax 
to the putty, by heating the same and pound¬ 
ing it well with a mallet, until thoroughly 
amalgamated. 

Hardwood Putty.— Take fine sawdust of the 
same kind of wood, and mix with strong glue. 

Putty for Walls. —Whiting mixed with 
glue, or calcined plaster (gypsum) and water. 





CHAPTER VII. 


Itilk faint. 


t OR painting in rooms where the smell 
of oil or turpentine would be objec¬ 
tionable, a preparation may be made, 



as follows : 

Take eight ounces of freshly slaked 


lime and mis it in an earthern vessel with 
three quarts of skimmed, not sour milk; then 
in another vessel mix three and a half pounds 
of Paris white with three pints of the milk. 
When these mixtures are well stirred up, put 
them together and add sis ounces of linseed 
oil. Mix these well, and it will be ready for 
use. This preparation is considered by many 
to be equal to oil paint, and is excellent for 


(571 



68 


Every Man 


walls and ceilings. Any shade may be made 
by the addition of dry pigments. 

DISTEMPER PAINTING. 

The difference between oil painting and 
distemper painting is that in the latter the 
colors are mixed with size and water, instead 
of oil. 

Size for this work is generally made by 
boiling pieces of parchment, or the skins of 
animals, and evaporating the solution to the 
proper consistency ; but a solution of glue will 
answer every purpose of the amateur. 

The colors used in distemper painting are 
the same dry colors used in oil, while the 
foundation or base is whiting instead of 
white lead. 

Kalsomining comes under the head of dis¬ 
temper painting, and will be noticed in this 
connection. The first requisite is to have the 
walls perfectly clean. If there be grease or 
lime on any part, it must be scraped, and 




His Own Painter. 


59 


made perfectly smooth, all imperfections, such 
as cracks or nail holes, filled with a putty 
made with plaster of Paris or whiting, and 
time allowed for the putty to harden before 
laying on the distemper. 

Preparing the Mixture .—Take half a pound 
of dissolved glue and ten pounds of zinc white 
(dry)' if for extra work, or common whiting if 
for ordinary work, in the same proportion. Mix 
the white to a thick cream with warm water, 
then add the dissolved glue, and stir all well 
together. If for side walls, more glue will be 
required to insure it from rubbing off. A 
common whitewash brush will answer to lay 
it on with, and it should be applied while warm, 
adding hot water to thin it if found too thick 
to spread easily. 

In distemper painting it may be found 
expedient to coat the walls with a thin sizing 
of glue before applying the paint, and some 
painters prefer a coat of good oil paint to pre- 



60 


Every Man 


vent dampness from striking out and discolor¬ 
ing the distemper coats. 

Coloring plaster work in distemper differs 
from fresco painting, inasmuch as the latter is 
applied while the plaster is quite wet, and is 
thereby incorporated with it, whilst the 
former is applied when the plaster is dry, and 
lasts only so long as the sizing with which the 
colors are bound withstands the action of the 
atmosphere. 

I believe it is generally understood, that 
with a judicious admixture of the primitive 
colors, red, blue, yellow, and white, any tint 
can be produced, especially the various shades 
and tints of drabs, which are most in demand. 
The color called French gray is made by add¬ 
ing a small quantity of indigo to the white 
distemper paint. 

It was the practice of painters until of late 
years, to lay distemper colors evenly, one way 
only, as in oil painting ; but the present 
method is to pass the brush in every indis- 



His Own Painter. 


61 


criminate direction, leaving it in that state 
which it is considered gives it a more solid 
appearance. A more recent method for ob¬ 
taining the like object is called stippling. The 
surface is lightly struck with the end of a 
large hog’s-hair brush, with a perfectly flat 
face and conveniently shaped handle. 

The expense attending the kalsomining of a 
room twelve by fifteen may be summed up 
as follows : 


One half pound glue at 25 cents per pound. 0.12 

Ten pounds whiting at three cents per pound . .0.30 

One half pound glue,—extra to side walls .0.12 

Whitewash brush.1.00 

$ ^ $1.54 


The brush being uninjured, when used only 
on this room, is of course not to be taken into 
account as the actual cost of work, and its 
price should be deducted, making fifty-four 
cents the sum total. -Ten cents worth of blue, 
yellow, red, green, etc., in dry colors, will 
form any desired tint. 






62 


Evert Man 


PAINT FOR BARNS AND OUTBUILDINGS. 

A cheap and durable paint, not before men¬ 
tioned in these pages, is called Fire-proof or 
Mineral paint. There are several shades of 
this paint, namely, Yellow, Red, Brown, 
Chocolate, Slate, etc., and it is sold in barrels 
of three hundred pounds each, for two and a 
half cents per pound. When mixed with 
oil it is a very durable paint for outbuildings, 
fences, etc. 

But a cheaji paint may be made as follows : 

Put half a bushel of good lime in a clean 
barrel, and add to it sufficient water to make 
a thin whitewash ; stir it well with a flattened 
stick until every lump of lime is dissolved, 
and add : 

50 lbs. mineral paint at two and a half cents_$1.25 

50 lbs. whiting, at two cents. 1 00 

50 lbs. road dust, finely sifted. 00 

Then add linseed oil, and mix the mass to a 
thick paste, being careful to have it well amal¬ 
gamated ; then thin to the proper consistency 





His Own Painter. 


63 


for spreading with the brush, by adding 
sweet buttermilk fresh from the churn, in 
small quantities at a time, to give chance for 
the ingredients to assimilate. This paint will 
also be improved as regards covering a great 
extent of surface, by the addition of one 
gallon of soft soap. 


PAINT FOR IRON FENCES. 

Mix two pounds chrome green, one ounce 
of lampblack, and one ounce of chrome yellow, 
with boiled oil, adding a little Japan dryer, 
and a very nice bronze green will result. 
Clean the iron railing well, and apply a good 
coat of this paint. When not quite dry, rub 
over the prominent parts -with gold bronze. 
(See Bronzing.) 

WHITEWASH. 

A good whitewash for walls is made by 
adding to fresh slaked lime and water a 




64 


Every Man 


solution of starch, a little salt, and a few drops 
of dissolved indigo or bluing. 

Boil the starch tc a thin gruel, adding the 
salt while boiling, and pour the whole into 
the lime and water while the latter is warm 
from the heat engendered while slaking ; then 
add the bluing to remove the yellow tint of 
the mixture, and use. Colors may be added if 
desired, but the use of poisonous colors, such 
as Paris green, should be avoided. 


SIZING FOR WALLS 

Size to make paper stick to walls is made 
by adding eight ounces of dissolved glue-to a 
pail full of hot water. Apply the preparation 
to the wall with a whitewash brush, being 
particular to touch every part, especially the 
top and bottom ; allow it to dry a little and 
then hang the paper, using paste made as 
follows : 




His Own Painter. 


65 


PASTE FOR PAPER HANGING. 

For a room which will require eight or nine 
pieces of paper, four pounds of flour will be 
sufficient. This should be beaten into a stiff 
batter with clear cold water. Then, having a 
vessel full of boiling water at hand, and a 
vessel containing the batter, large enough to 
contain two pails full, pour the boiling water 
upon the batter, stirring it briskly, and it will 
be observed that the batter will swell and its 
white color change to a yellowish hue. When 
this occurs, stop pouring in the boiling water, 
and a fine smooth paste will be found, suitable 
for any description of paper hanging. Some 
persons add alum to the paste, others resin, 
but it will be found that the scalded flour will 
stick as well, and no injury can occur to the 
paper, as is frequently experienced when use* 
ing flocked paper hangings with alum or resin 
in the paste. Another method of making 
paste, but not as certain of good results, is to 
5 



66 


Every Man 


mix the flour and cold water to the consis¬ 
tency of milk, and heat it to the boiling point, 
over a slow fire. 


HANGING PAPER. 

The first consideration is to have the wall 
well cleaned, the old paper or whitewash 
scraped off, all cracks filled with plaster of 
Paris, and allowed time to dry, then the sizing, 
as previously spoken of, applied; then with 
a sharp pair of scissors cut the blank strips 
from the left side of the paper, the blank strip 
on the other side forming the lap ; or, if heavy 
flocked paper, both edges should be cut and 
the paper put on the wall without overlapping. 
Now, having cut the paper the length desired, 
lay it face down on a table or board, and 
appty the paste with a paste brush; or a 
common whitewash brush will answer, spread¬ 
ing it evenly and as quickly as possible. Then 
place it in position on the wall, beginning to 
press it gently down to the same, with a damp 




His Own Painter. 


67 


cloth, at the top, following down until the 
bottom is reached. Continue in this manner, 
being careful to match the figures, until the 
whole is covered ; then cut out and paste on 
the border, and the work is complete. It is 
usual to have the strips of paper a little longer 
than is necessary, so that it can be cut off 
neatly at the base board, after it is put on, 
as the base board is not always straight or 
parallel with the ceiling. 





CHAPTER VIII. 

draining. 

describing tbe methods of imitating the 

grain of wood, I will mention only the 

• * 

simplest, that the uninitiated in the art 
may readily execute a fair specimen, 
without the array of tools employed by 
the professional grainer. 

The colors used in graining may be mixed 
in oil or distemper, the latter being preferable, 
for if not satisfied with the first attempt, it is 
easily washed off with water, and the work 
done over again. 

Surfaces to be grained should be painted 
with at least two coats of paint, as describ d 
on page 51, tinted as follows : 






Every Man His Own Painter. 69 


For light-colored oak, tint the white paint 
with yellow ochre, to a nice cream color. 

For medium shade oak, add a little umber 
to the cream color. 

For dark shade oak, add umber and a little 
Venetian red to the cream color. 

The last coat, or ground color, should be 
made to dry with an “ egg-shell gloss,” not 
“fiat” that the graining mixture will not be 
absorbed, and thereby make the graining 
appear dirty. 

GRAINING MIXTURE IN DISTEMPER. 

Take equal parts of yellow ochre, brant si¬ 
enna, and raw umber, and mix with ale, beer, or 
vinegar and sugar. Then with a bristle brush 
spread on the mixture—or as termed by grain- 
ers, “ rub in ” as smooth and evenly as possible; 
or, it may be applied with a sponge, going 
over only a small portion or panel at a time, 
for the distemper colors dry quickly. Then 
with a graining comb made of leather or 




70 


Every Man 


gutta percha, make tlie coarse grain by draw¬ 
ing the comb over the surface in a zigzag 
manner, then with a finer steel graining 
comb draw over the whole panel again in the 
same direction ; then with a piece of soft 
muslin folded over the thumb of the right 
hand, make the heavy grain or figures-by 
wiping out the graining mixture ; this done, 
lightly pass the fine comb over the work again, 
or with a thin flat bristle brush, lightly brush 
over the surface to blend or soften the heavy 
lines. Proceed in this manner over all the 
parts to be grained, and by imitating the real 
wood as near as possible, a very fair piece of 
work will result. A professional grainer would 
overgrain, and mottle, and stain, and glaze, 
etc., but as a description of these processes 
would tend to embarrass the amateur, I do not 
deem it judicious to extend upon these 
extras. 



His Own Painter. 


71 


OAK IN OIL. 

Melt a small piece of beeswax in a little 
linseed oil, mix the graining colors with it, 
and thin with turpentine, using the same 
pigments as above. Other woods are imitated 
in a similar manner, varying the ground and 
graining mixture to suit. 

Maple. —The best ground for maple is a light 
cream, and the graining color made with Van¬ 
dyke brown, and raw sienna. 

Mahogany. —Ground Venetian, red and yel¬ 
low, graining mixture, Vandyke brown, and 
burnt sienna. 

Rosewood. —Grain with burnt umber, over a 
ground of Indian red lightened a little with 
vermilion, then glaze over with carmine or lake. 

Black Walnut. —Ground color, burnt umber 
and white. Grain with burnt umber. 


STAINING. 

Take nitric acid and dilute with ten parts 
water ; wash the wood over with it, using a 




72 


Every Man 


piece of sponge tied to a stick, and use care 
that the acid does not get on the hands. 
This will produce a fine mahogany color. 

To produce a rosewood finish, grain the 
stained wood with burnt umber, and glaze with 
carmine or lake. 

Asphaltum thinned with turpentine will 
stain pine a beautiful black walnut color. 
Stained wood must be varnished over. 


IMITATION OF GRANITE. 

Prepare a light drab ground, then take a 
stiff paint brush dipped in thick white paint 
and spatter the ground over it, by striking the 
brush against a stick held in the left hand. 
When well spattered with small fine white 
spots, go over it again in the same manner 
with black paint. This will give the required 
imitation, and is a very simple process. 

Brown Stone, Portland Stone, &c., may be 
imitated by coating the work over with clear 




His Own Painter. 


73 


oil color, the shade desired, and then sifting 
or dashing clean white sea sand over it. 

SMALTING. 

Smalts are ground glass, or other substance 
of various colors, black, blue and green, 
being the colors most commonly used. If a 
signboard is to be smalted, it .must be painted 
•with two or three coats of white or lead 
colored paint; then the letters must be put 
on, roughly outlined and gilded. Then mix a 
stiff oil color as near the color of the smalts to 
be used, as possible, and with a sable-hair 
pencil paint the whole surface of the sign out¬ 
side of the letters, cutting around each letter 
neatly, and then with a fine sieve the smalts 
are sifted on to the fresh paint, allowing the 
sign to lie in a horizontal position until suffi¬ 
ciently dry to retain the smalts when raised 
perpendicularly ; dust off with a soft brush 
all superabundant smalts, and the work is 
completed. 




74 


Every Man 


Floorings is a finely powdered wool, and is 
used in the same manner as smalts. They 
retail for one dollar per pound, average. 


MARBLING. 

A fine white marble imitation is made by 
painting the work with white lead paint, 
finishing it with China gloss. Then when dry 
and hard rub the surface until smooth with 
fine pumice-stone and water, wash clean, dry 
well, and then holding a lighted candle near 
the surface, allow the smoke to form the 
various shades, tints, and veins desired. A 
black crayon may also be used to form fine 
irregular lines; then with a very soft hair 
varnish brush apply a light coat of white 
Damar varnish, being very careful hot to 
disturb the smoked figures. 

Black or variegated marble is made by 
streaking the surface with colors mixed with 




His Own Painter. 


75 


carriage varnish and turpentine, using a 
feather to form the fine lines, and a sponge or 
crumpled paper smeared with color and then 
daubed on the work. 





CHAPTER IX. 

(Stlbiitg. 

'OLD leaf may be procured at any sup- 
pT ply store, in boots, containing twenty 
five leaves, eacli three inches square. 
The price per book at the time of 
this writing is fifty cents. The gold 
is beaten out with a hammer to a surprising 
degree of thinness, rendering its use a matter 
of difficulty to the inexperienced. 

When letters, or ornamental work on a flat 
surface, are to be gilded, it will be found a 
very delicate operation to lay the gold without 
waste, in the same manner as a professional 
gilder; and the following method of preparing 
the leaf will be best for the beginner. Pro- 
( 76 ) 


Every Man His Own Painter. 77 


cure a clean sheet of tissue paper and rub it 
over on one side with a piece of white wax, or 
common beeswax will answer. The paper 
must be placed on a smooth board and the 
wax rubbed briskly over the surface, until 
the paper has- received an even coating ; to 
this the gold will adhere. The paper must then 
be cut into squares a little larger than the 
gold leaf; then carefully open the book of 
gold and lay the waxed side of the tissue paper 
on the gold, which will be thus secured and 
ready for use. Continue with the whole 
twenty-five leaves, and the tissue paper may 
be used over and over again. 

To use this Prepared Leaf.— When the 
size which we will suppose to have been laid 
on in the desired form, is tacky, that is, when 
by rubbing gently over it, it appears dry, but 
when the finger is placed directly upon it, it 
is “ sticky,” we take the tissue paper in the 
left hand, and with the right gently press the 
gilded side to the work. The operator will be 



78 


Every Man 


able to see where any portion of the gold re¬ 
mains on the waxed paper and can place it on 
parts of the work that it will fit best, thereby 
saving every particle of gold, without the 
slightest trace of joining being perceptible. 

For large work not exposed to the wind, 
the leaf may be laid directly from the book. 
To do this, take the book in the left hand, 
raise a paper leaf carefully, then, holding the 
book close to the work with its front edge 
pointing downward, gently roll the same up¬ 
ward, leaving the gold leaf on the size. Con¬ 
tinue in this manner until the work is com¬ 
pleted. When the leaf has been laid upon 
the size, slightly moisten the end of the finger 
by rubbing across the head, and the pieces of 
superfluous gold leaf will adhere to it and can 
be carefully placed on any small spots not 
covered ; then with a bunch of cotton gently 
wipe the work over, to remove all the gold not 
secured by the size. 

A preliminary process of laying gold having 



His Own Painter. 


79" 


been unnoticed, I will now mention it.. 
When a painted surface is to be gilded, it 
must be prepared, to prevent the gold from 
sticking to any part not covered with size.. 
This is done in various ways. Some painters 
wash the surface over with a thin solution of 
starch, allowing it to dry before putting on 
the size. Others rub the surface with a 
potatoe cut in slices, forming a watery film of 
starch, which, when dry, is anti-adhesive. But 
the method employed by first-class workmen 
is as follows. 

Tie up in a piece of muslin a small quantity 
of common whiting, forming a “ pounce bag,” 
with which the surface is daubed or pounced 
over, and a thin coating of the powder is left 
upon it, which effectually prevents the adhe¬ 
sion of the gold. The sizing is now put on as 
desired, and when it is “ tacky ” the gold leaf 
is laid. If the size is not in a proper state to 
receive the gold, the work will be rough and 
unsightly, or when too dry the gold will not 



80 


Every Man 


adhere to it. Either of the preventives may 
be easily cleaned off, with water, when the 
gilding is completed, using afterwards a soft 
chamois shin to dry the surface. 

When gilding is to be done on a white or 
light-colored surface, it is best to add a little 
dry color to the size, but for dark grounds 
dusted over with whiting, no color will be 
necessary. 

Silver leaf is also put up in books, but as 
it is not beaten so thin it may be handled 
with less trouble. 

Dutch Metal is a poor imitation of gold 
leaf, worthless to the painter, except in scenery 
for theatres or cheap temporary work. 

Gilding on Glass. —This process is fully 
explained in the “ Carriage Painters’ Manual.” 
Therefore I w r ill only mention it here. 

The size used is dissolved isinglass, or the 
white of an egg, or clear water. The gold 
leaf is generally laid on with a “tip ” (a thin 
layer of camels’-liair glued between two cards.) 



His Own Painter. 


81 


Gilding Picture Frames. -—This art is not 
connected with the painter’s business, in any 
particular, although such articles may le 
gilded by the painters’ method of gilding ; but 
the fine finish—such as burnishing, matting, 
etc., cannot be produced, and it is therefore 
best to leave such work with the frame and 
moulding gilder. 


BRONZING. 

Gold Bronze is a fine powder made by 
grinding gold leaf or foil in honey, and then 
washing and drying the sediment. The size 
used for bronze is the same as that for gold 
leaf, and it is put on by dusting or rubbing it 
over the size with a velvet or plush pounce 
bag. In some cases it is used in the same 
manner as dry color, being mixed with varnish 
and turpentine ; but its metallic lustre is not 
so good when used in that way. Silver, cop¬ 
per, and various colored bronze powders are 
used in ornamental work. And some very 




82 


Every Man 


















His Own Painter. 


83 






84 


Every Man 


fine specimens of work are done with bronze 
powders put on over stencil plates. 

STENCILING. 

By this art the painter may execute orna¬ 
mental work quickly and economically. The 
articles required in making a stencil are, a 
sheet of well-sized writing-paper, a lead pencil, 
and a sharp penknife. Fold the paper, allow¬ 
ing the edge of the fold to form the centre of 
the pattern ; then sketch any design you wish, 
leaving bars to hold the parts together, as seen 
in the engraving herewith ; then lay the paper 
upon a piece of glass and cut out the figure 
with the penknife. Patterns similar to these 
may be used in ornamenting oil cloths, painted 
floors, curtains, borders for walls, and other 
purposes. 

To make a stencil for two or more colors, 
take the ivhole figure stencil, and laying it on 
another piece of paper, mark it carefully around; 
then cut out the parts desired to be shown in 




His Own Painter. 


85 


one color, leaving the other parts uncut. 
Then stencil with a brush the whole figure 
again on another sheet, and also the partly cut 
stencil over that; cut out all but the parts 
covered by the last stenciling, and you will 
have two stencils, which when put on the 
work, one over the other, will form the whole 
figure or pattern, and thus they may be multi¬ 
plied indefinitely. 

Another method of stenciling, nearly th» 
reverse of the above, is used in imitating 
ground glass. Draw the desired figure, and 
cut it out of the paper, saving the figure com¬ 
plete, not the hole in the paper as before ; then 
with thin paste or gum, stick the paper to 
the glass, having every part well pressed down; 
then with a stencil brush dipped in thick 
white paint pounce with the end of the brush, 
or “ stipple ” as it is termed, the glass all 
over. "When dry, raise the paper by putting 
the blade of a knife under it, and the figure 
will be found clearly defined on the glass, 



86 


Every Man 


Lines or stripes may be added around the 
edge of the glass by scraping thiough the 
white paint with a stick drawn along a rule or 
“ straight edge.” 

TRANSFERRING. 

Transferring pictures from paper to painted 
surfaces is an art easily acquired, and many 
beautiful jobs may be executed by it. The 
process is as follows : The ground should be 
white or light colored and smoothly Tarnished ; 
then lay on an even coat of light-colored car¬ 
riage varnish and allow it to set (nearly as 
ilry as if for gilding). 

The paper must now be prepared. If a 
colored print, make it quite wet in salt and 
water, but if not colored, clear water will an¬ 
swer. Lay it between some old newspapers, to 
remove the water from its surface. Now, sup¬ 
posing the varnish to be sufficiently set, carefully 
lay the paper, face down upon it, and gently 
press it smooth all over. When this is done, 




His Own Painter. 


87 


allow it to stand until the varnish is dry ; 
then dampen the paper with cold water and 
begin removing the paper by rubbing with the 
finger. It will be found to roll up in small 
rolls ; and this wetting and rubbing must be 
carefully continued until the whole of the 
paper is removed, when the picture will be 
found intact upon the paint. It must then 
be varnished over to bring out its beauty. 

Pictures may be transferred to glass in the 
same manner, and then colored on the back 
with oil colors, forming an imperishable pic¬ 
ture, almost equal to an oil painting in point 
of beauty. 


DECALCOMANIE. 

This is another method of transferring, the 
pictures being prepared expressly for the pur¬ 
pose. 

The varnish used is called cementing var¬ 
nish, and can be procured where the pictures 
are for sale. The face of the picture is coated 




88 


Every Man 


over with the varnish, and it is then placed 
directly upon the place desired. Press it 
gently down to the work, then dampen the 
paper, and begin its removal by lilting one 
corner and slowly raising the entire paper 
from the surface, leaving the picture intact. 
A solvent for the superabundant varnish is 
next applied with a soft brush. It is called 
“ detergent,” and can be purchased with the 
varnish. This removes all varnish outside 
of the picture, and does not injure the picture 
or the varnish under it. Vases, china ware, 
glass, and fancy boxes may be ornamented in 
this manner, and the picture will have every 
appearance of the finest artist’s work. The 
ornamental work on carriages is frequently 
done by this process. Decalcomanie pictures 
which are covered with gold leaf on the back 
are best, and the student in this art may pro¬ 
cure catalogues of the pictures, with size and 
price attached, from the dealers. (See other 
pages.) 



His Own Painter. 


89 


TRANSPARENT PAINTING ON MUSLIN 
WINDOW SHADES. 

Stretch the muslin on a frame and secure it 
by tacking around the edge. Then mix a 
small quantity of fine flour paste, into which 
is added a little dissolved white glue and a 
small piece of white bar soap; the latter 
article will render the muslin pliable and 
soft. Spread a thin and even coating of this 
over the muslin, and set aside to dry. 

Then a coat of pure linseed oil, diluted with 
turpentine, is applied to the whole or part as 
desired, laying it on quickly and smoothly to 
ensure an even, transparent surface. 

The colors used are, Drop or Ivory Black, 
Umber, Ultramarine, Paris Green, Verdigris, 
Sienna, Asphaltum, and any other transpar¬ 
ent colors. 

An outline of the design is drawn with a 
small pencil, with black or umber, after which 
the colors may be applied, more or less diluted, 
as more or less transparency is desired. 



00 


Every Man 


In general the brightest colors should be 
applied first, and the darker shades over 
them. 

These colors shoidd be laid evenly, with 
soft brushes, and should any part be made 
too dark, the best way is to scrape oft’ with a 
stick before the color gets dry. 

Glass slides for the magic lantern may be 
done in a similar manner. 


PEARL INLAYING, OR PAPIER MACHE. 

This is a beautiful art, and useful for the 
ornamentation of boxes, table tops, sewing 
machines, etc. Prepare the work by coating 
it with a heavy flowing coat of black Japan; 
then before it is dry, procure some flakes of 
pearl at the supply store, and lay them on 
the black surface, pressing them also into the 
paint until they are level with the surface ; 
then with colors, form leaves and flowers, 
allowing the pearl to form the body of the 
flower or leaf, and shade all up nicely. 




His Own Painter. 


91 


Pearl is also used in Glass Sign lettering, 
a full description of which may be found in 
the Carriage Painters’ Manual. 

MAKING A RUSTIC PICTURE. 

A neat and attractive picture may be made 
to ornament the parlor or sitting-room as 
follows : Gather from the conservatory a 
variety of small leaves and buds, and lay 
them between the leaves of an old book to 
flatten or press them, putting a large stone or 
other weight upon the book to hasten the 
process. Then procure a sheet of fine un¬ 
calendered drawing-paper, and removing the 
leaves from the book, arrange them to form 
a bouquet on the paper, which must be laid 
smoothly upon a soft wood surface, and the 
leaves be held firmly to the paper by pins, 
put through every part not closely pressed 
to the same. Then, when all arranged and 
pinned fast, take a tooth brush or similar 
article, and slightly wetting the bristles 




92 


Every Man 


with, black writing ink, draw it across a small 
stick in such a manner that the bristles will 
be bent, and then quickly released to take 
their original position. This will cause a fine 
spatter of the ink upon the paper ; care must 
be taken to not overload the brush with ink, 
to make too large drops of ink. Continue the 
spattering over all, leaves, pins, and paper, 
allowing the centre of the pattern to receive 
the most ink, and the edges blending off 
to none ; when done, remove the pins and 
leaves, and the forms of each leaf, stem and 
vine will be found in pure white on a tinted 
ground. 

The leaves may be used over and over again, 
and figures cut out of paper may sometimes 
be added, if desired, as, for instance, a cross, 
with the vines and leaves neatly arranged 
around it, or an old archway with trailing vines. 

This style of picture is new, and when put 
in a rustic wood frame forms a very hand¬ 
some and original ornament. 



His Own Painter. 


93 


PAINTING FLOWER STANDS. 

It is customary to paint stands on which 
flower pots are to stand, a bright green color ; 
but the artist would never advise that color 
for the purpose, as the brilliancy of the paint 
has an injurious effect upon the colors of the 
flowers and leaves. Therefore, when a flower 
stand is to be painted, it will be best to choose 
a dull color, if the flowers are to be the 
prominent feature. 

A rich brown, chocolate, oak, black walnut 
or umber color will harmonize well, and the 
green of the plants and leaves will appear 
richer and more pleasing to the eye. 

POLISH FOR MAHOGANY. 

Take three ounces of white wax, one and a 
half ounce of castile soap and one gill of tur¬ 
pentine. Shave the wax and soap very fine, 
put the wax to the turpentine and let it 
stand twenty-four hours ; then boil the soap 
in one gill of water, and when thoroughly 




94 


Every Man 


dissolved, put the two mixtures together ; rub 
this over the wood, and a fine polish will be 
produced. 


POLISH FOR WOOD. 

Take a strip of woollen cloth fiwo yards 
long and two inches wide, and roll it into a 
tight roll, then tie another piece of the same 
over the roll, covering one end smoothly and 
allowing the cloth to extend beyond the other 
end to form a handle to hold it with while 
rubbing. Then saturate the flat end with 
boiled linseed oil, adding at the same time a 
few drops of shellac varnish. Rub the wood 
with this in a circular manner, renewing the 
oil and varnish as occasion requires, until a 
fine polish is obtained. 

VARNISHING FURNITURE. 

When furniture requires re-varnishing, it 
should be thoroughly cleaned, by rubbing 
every part with pulverized pumice stone and 





His Own Painter. 


95 


water ; then when well washed and dried, 
the varnish should be laid on in a warm room. 
Furniture varnish, as obtained from the store, 
is generally ready for use ; but if found too thick 
to spread easily with a brush, set the varnish 
vessel near the fire, being careful that it may 
not ignite. 

Put the varnish on quite plentifully and 
rub it lightly with the brush until nicely 
levelled down, and there are no small air bub¬ 
bles on the surface. Do not touch the 
varnished surface with the brush after once 
leaving it. If more than one coat of varnish 
is requisite to produce the desired polish, the 
surface should be rubbed over with pumice 
stone and water, between each coat, to remove 
small pits or imperfections, and to form a 
better ground on which to flow the succeed¬ 
ing coat. 



96 


Every Man 


WAXING FURNITURE. 

Furniture may be coated with a solution of 
beeswax in turpentine, and many prefer this 
method to varnishing, as it is easily repaired 
if scratched or bruised. 

Two ounces of wax melted, and added to 
double the quantity of turpentine, is all that is 
required. Rub the mixture over the work 
with a woollen rag, and then rub briskly with 
a piece of fine cork until a gloss is obtained. 
If it is necessary to repair the polish at any 
time, rub it briskly with the cork, and it will 
appear as well as when new. Coffins are fre¬ 
quently waxed, instead of being varnished, as 
it is quickly done, and ready for immediate 
use when the rubbing process is finished. 


TO CLEAN PAINT. 

Take whiting on a dish and moisten it with 
water, then rub the paint over with it, using a 
woollen rag for a rubber, and wash off clean 





His Own Painter. 


97 


with water. Cold tea grounds are also excel¬ 
lent for rubbing or cleaning paint. 


PAINT FOR FARM TOOLS. 

Take white lead and mix the same as directed 
for outside work, with oil, etc.; then add in 
small quantities at a time, Prussian blue 
ground in oil, until the desired shade is ob¬ 
tained, then add a little carriage varnish to 
give it a gloss, and it will be found a very 
durable paint for # m owing and reaping ma¬ 
chines, plows, harrows, farm wagons, etc. 

The white lead base gives this durability, 
and any color that will be suitable may be 
used in the place of Prussian Blue. (See 
Combination of Colors.) 


PAINT FOR MACHINERY. 

Paint for stationary engines, laths, planers, 
and other machines, should be mixed to dry 
“dead,” and be varnished, if a good job is 
7 





98 


Evert Man 


desired; and the reader will find in Chapter 
YT. full directions to mis such paint. For 
cheap, hurried work, mix any dry color, in 
carriage rubbing varnish, and apply ; this 
gives the color and the varnish gloss at one 
application, and will dry in a short time. 
Green is the most commonly used for machi¬ 
nery, trimmed, or striped with black, or gold 
color, or bronze ; if the latter is used, a cheap 
ornamentation may be given, by the stencil¬ 
ing process, Chapter IX. 

PAINT FOR HOUSEHOLD FIXTURES. 

For chairs, tables, bedsteads, etc., mis a 
light brown color, as directed elsewhere, mak¬ 
ing it quick-drying and “ dead then, when 
the work has been coated over and is dry, 
mix lampblack with old ale, beer, or with 
vinegar in which a little sugar has been dis¬ 
solved, and with a sponge dipped in the 
mixture (which should be quite thick) streak 
the work, as if graining it. This will dry in a 




His Own Painter. 


99 


few minutes, when it must be varnished with 
furniture varnish. A fine appearance may be 
given by mixing a little lake or rose pink, 
finely ground, in the varnish, forming a glaze, 
and imitating rosewood. 


PAINT FOR IRON WORK. 

The irons of a fire-place, or the mantle-shelf 
may be coated with Black Japan, as used by 
the carriage-maker ; or it may be imitated by 
mixing lampblack in carriage rubbing varnish, 
using no oil or turpentine. 


TO IMITATE GROUND GLASS. 

Dissolve one quarter of a pound of gum 
arabic in a pint of boiling water, and add 
whiting until the mixture is of the consistency 
of gruel or stiff paint. Then with a sponge 
dipped in the mixture, daub or pounce the 
glass over, on the inside, until a smooth or 
even appearance is obtained, then lay a rule or 





100 


Every Man 


“straight edge” across the glass and with a 
pointed stick mark the clear lines. 

POUNCING ORNAMENTS, ETC. 

Draw the desired design with a lead pencil, 
on writing or drawing paper, and then make 
pinholes as close together as possible, over 
every line. Lay the pricked pattern upon a 
sheet of white paper, and dust over it any dry 
color from a small muslin “ pounce bag,” and 
upon lifting the pattern a perfect duplicate 
will be found on the white paper. This pro¬ 
cess is useful in copying, or in lettering when 
several signs are to be done alike, or for orna¬ 
menting walls. The patterns should be care¬ 
fully preserved, for they may be used over and 
over again. 


ANOTHER METHOD. 

When the design has been drawn on quite 
thin paper, rub the back of the drawing over 
with a paste made with tallow and dry color 





His Own Painter. 


101 


such as Indian red, lampblack, or dry white 
lead, leaving enough on the paper to slightly 
cover it ; then lay the drawing on the work, 
holding it firmly while you trace the pencil 
marks with a pointed stick or bone. The 
color on the back will be transferred to the 
work only where the stick passed over, makiug 
a perfect copy. This pattern may be used 
many times, by slightly rubbing the back over 
with the fingers after each transfer. 


PAINTING IN IMITATION OF DAMASK. 

Walls are sometimes painted to imitate 
woven material, or particularly damask, and 
a fine effect may thus be produced in a very 
cheap and easy manner. The wall must be 
painted with two or three coats of white lead 
paint, and allowed to harden. Then draw 
some nice design, of leaves, flowers, or scrolls, 
and make a pounce pattern, as shown on 
another page. This is to be pounced on the 




102 


Every Man 


wall in the form desired, and afterwards well 
marked over with black crayon or lead 
pencil. 

A mixture of melted beeswax and some 
quick drying varnish is then made, and a 
small quantity of cheap dry color added to 
give it substance or body ; but not sufficient 
to make it fully opaque, for the lines of the 
pattern on the wall must be seen through the 
paint. 

Now apply a coat of this mixture all over 
the wall, and immediately proceed to comb it—■ 
as in graining—using a medium coarse graining 
comb—first diagonally down from right to left, 
then from left to right, and lastly in a vertical 
direction. This produces the appearance of 
cloth, with coarse threads. Now with a 
camels’-hair pencil go over the pattern and 
smooth out the marks of the comb on all 
parts within the outlines. Allow all to harden, 
which will be several days, perhaps, then pro¬ 
ceed to paint over it with “ flat ” color, any 



His Own Painter. 


103 


shade or tint desired. White, tinted with 
green, blue, or carmine, will be suitable. 

ANOTHER METHOD. 

The wall being well painted and dry, and 
the pattern w r ell outlined, proceed to paint 
over every part of the pattern—only—with 
the beeswax and varnish mixed quite thick 
with white lead. Then having fine sea sand, 
well dried, sift it on to the fresh paint, allowing 
it to get perfectly hard. Then dust off the 
loose sand and lay on tinted paint, as before. 
The wall will be smooth and the figure rough¬ 
ened, and it will not only look well, but it 
will surprise many who do not understand 
the art. 


ANOTHER METHOD. 

Apply a thick coat of the mixture to all 
parts of the wall. Then, having designs cut 
in paper, proceed to lay them on to the prepared 
surface, pressing every part well down to the 





104 


Every Man 


gummy mixture. When the papers are all 
put on, sift sand as before, all over the work ; 
this will adhere only to the fresh preparation, 
and the parts covered with paper will be 
smooth. Paint over as’ in the above method 
with “ flat ” paint. The paper may require two 
coats, and it will be best to apply a coat over 
those parts only, at first, going over all with 
the second coat. 


TO PAINT A FARM WAGON. 

The first in order is to thoroughly clean the 
grease and dirt from the fifth wheel and hubs, 
then with number two and a half sandpaper 
rub over and smooth down every part of the 
work, If the old paint is chipped off in 
places, they should be smoothed with an old 
file. This preliminary process having been 
completed, run the wagon into the carriage 
house or barn, and raise the wheels from the 
floor by placing barrels or boxes under the 




His Own Painter. 


105 


axles. Dust off every part well, and prepare 
the paint. 

In choosing the colors for this work we 
should aim at durability rather than beauty, 
and select strong-bodied colors. This may be 
decided by reference to Chapter III. A 
compound color having white lead for its base, 
will be best for the running part and wheels ; 
while browns, greens, or red will answer for 
the body. 

When a choice of color is made, if a dry 
color only, or one to be mixed with white lead, 
mix with boiled oil two parts, carriage rubbing 
varnish one part, and add a little turpentine. 
If the colors are those put up in tin boxes and 
ground in oil, a smaller quantity of oil will be 
required, and a little brown Japan may be 
added to assist in drying. 

Now, having the paint prepared, begin by 
coating the body, laying the paint on plentifully 
and smoothing it well with a partly worn or a 
well-bound brush. (A flat bristle brush is best. 1 



106 


Every Max 


The under parts are next in order, finishing 
the wheels lastly. The work should now be 
allowed to stand until perfectly dry. Then, 
the holes, cracks and other imperfections aro 
to be filled with putty. (See Chapter VI.) 

In this class of work it will be best to color 
the putty by mixing dry color with it, as near 
the color of the ground work as possible. 
When this is done and the surface well dusted, 
proceed with the second coating in the same 
manner as before, and give time to harden. 

Now, if the paint has dried with a glossy 
appearance, it must be rubbed over with a 
bunch of curled hair or moss, to prevent the 
varnish from “ crawling,” or it may be washed 
with clean cold water, and dried with a chamois 
skin. 

Striping should not be attempted, until the 
operator has become accustomed to the use of 
the pencil, by practicing the art on a wheel or 
board painted for the purpose, or a failure will 
be sure to follow. By watching the move- 



His Own Painter. 


107 


men is of a striper while at work, the student 
can acquire a sufficient knowledge to enable 
him to practice the art, and it can be learned 
in no other manner. Ornamenting, if desired, 
may be done by the stenciling, transferring, or 
decalcomanie process, already referred to. 

Ordinary carriage yarnish will be good 
enough for this work, and a quart will be suffi¬ 
cient, costing perhaps one dollar twenty-five 
cents. The varnishing process is similar to that 
of painting, but the varnish should be applied, 
freely used, and quickly levelled with the brush, 
care being taken to spread it evenly, that no 
“ runs ” or heavy flows be left to injure the 
appearance of the work. Give the work suf- 
ficient time to harden before using it. 

TO RE-YARNISH A CARRIAGE. 

The cleaning process is always first in order ; 
this done, take pulverized pumice-stone on a 
shallow dish, and wet it well with clean water; 
then with a woollen cloth dipped in the pumice- 




108 


Every Man 


8tone > rub over evei 'J P^t of tlie carriage, until 
tiie surface appears smooth and clean. Wash 
the pumice-stone off as you proceed from part 
to part, for if any be left to dry on the surface 
it will be found difficult to remove it. 

TV nen the rubbing process is completed, set 
the axles on barrels, that the wheels may clear 
the floor, and if it be necessary to paint over 
any bruised or worn-off places, it should now 
be done with “quick color. 5 ’ (Chapter V.) 

When this “touching up ” is dry, take hard- 
drying varnish and begin with the body, laying 
on the varnish freely, and “lay it off” as 
quickly and as evenly as possible. The more 
varnish you get on and have it flow level, the 
better the work will look and wear. Be par¬ 
ticular to have everything clean or free from 
dust. Finish the wheels lastly, and keep them 
slowly revolving for a few minutes, until the 
varnish is “ set.” 

The dash, if of patent leather, may be var¬ 
nished with the same varnish, if necessary, but 


His Own Painter. 


109 

the top or curtains should be cleaned, %,nd a 
coat of enamelled leather varnish applied. If 
this cannot be easily procured, wash the leather 
with warm water and castile soap, and apply a 
good coat of neatsfoot oil, to which is added a 
little lampblack. This must be well rubbed 
into the leather, and a thin coat of shellac 
varnish, to prevent the black from rubbing off, 
would do no harm. 






tUipUcatc plaster Casts. 

PREPARING THE MOULDING COMPOSITION. 

^UT four pounds of glue in a pan and 
cover it with water ; let it stand half 
an hour, or until about half saturated, 
care being taken not to let it soak too 
long. Then pour off the water and let 
it remain until it is soft. Put it in a tin pail 
and set the pail in another vessel, partly filled 
with hot water ; set the whole over a fire and 
let it remain until thoroughly melted ; then 
add one quart of sugar-house molasses, and mis 
well by frequent stirring. Allow the mixture 
to boil about an hour, or until it gets “stringy,” 
as in making candy. When this occurs set it 
aside to cool. 

aio) 


Ehs Own Painter. 


Ill 


PREPARING THE MOULD. 

The image, or whatever is to be copied, 
should (if of plaster,) be coated over with a 
thin solution of starch and allowed to dry well: 
then its surface must be well rubbed with 
sweet oil to prevent the composition from 
adhering to any part. 

Now, form a cylinder of stiff paper or paste¬ 
board, at least one inch larger in diameter 
than the greatest projections of the image, and 
it should be long enough to project three or 
four inches above the head of the same, to 
allow for shrinkage of the composition. The 
image must now be placed on a smooth table 
or board, and the cylinder put around or over 
it, and the joint between the cylinder and 
table made water-tight by plastering with 
plaster-of-paris and water. 

The composition which was previously set 
aside must now be heated sufficiently to liquify 
it, when it may be poured directly into the 



112 


Every Man 

cylinder, until tire ^ tH9 

to stand eight or ten hours to harden. 

TO REMOVE THE PATTERN FROM THE MOULD. 

The composition being cold end hard, chip 
Off the plaster from around the base and mn a 
sharp knife between the cylinder and table to 
separate them; then with a large round stu* 
s l 0W ly push the composition in which the 
image is now imbedded, through the cylinder, 
being careful not to injure the form of eit er 

Now place the composition on its end, as it 

was while in the cylinder, and with a sharp 
knife divide it, b, cutting from top to bottom 
in an imaginary centre line, unti e n 
reaches the image. The rubber-like composri 
will yield as the parts are slowly pulled 
asunder ; thus, the image or pattern is removed 
and when the composition is placed togethe , 
“d returned to the cylinder, a cavdy, corto- 
sponding in every detail with the pa er 
be found. 




His Own Painter. 


113 



CASTING THE IMAGE. 

The cylinder containing the mould must 
How be placed with the open end upward, and 
a cream-like mixture of plaster of paris poured 
into it, and well shaken. This mixture is allowed 
but a few minutes to “ set,” when the liquid 
portions must be poured out again. This opera¬ 
tion forms a thin film over every part of the 
mould, and should be repeated when the first 
coating is set sufficiently hard. Or a small 
amount of plaster may be mixed and poured 
in, and the mould rolled around and around 
carefully by the hands, letting the creamy 
plaster flow over every part of the inner surface 
of the mould, which, becoming set, will form a, 
shell or coating of moderate thickness. Mora 
plaster may be mixed and put in, and tha 
process repeated until the casting has acquired, 
a sufficient thickness. 

When completed, and the plaster is hard, 
the same process as employed to remove tho 
8 



114 


Every Man 


pattern should be repeated, excepting the 
cutting, for the composition being already in 
two parts, it will be easily removed, and thus 
the operation may be repeated indefinitely. 


TO MAKE ORNAMENTAL WORK FOR FRAMES, 
BOXES, ETC. 

COMMONLY CALLED “PUTTY WORK.” 

Take dissolved glue (see Chapter III.) and 
mix with whiting to a stiff dough, by kneading 
with the hands in a warm place and frequently 
holding the mass over a steaming kettle of 
water, to soften it. This forms the composition 
for making the moulds, and for casting the 
ornaments. 

Take an oi’namented box or frame, and 
slightly oil it, to prevent the material from 
sticking, then press a well kneaded and softened 
lump of the composition on the part you wish 
ko duplicate ; keep it in position a few minutes, 
when it may be removed, and there will be 
Jound an indenture corresponding to the 




115 


His Own Painter. 

O -_ 

figures of the pattern. This must now be left 
to harden, when it may be used to mould in,— 
the process being the same as in making the 
mould, excepting, that when the composition 
has been pressed into the mould, a sharp case 
knife is used to cut off all superabundant com¬ 
position and leave the figure level with the 
face of the mould. 

The figures may now be glued on to the 
desired place and painted over. 

Glue will not adhere to a painted or var¬ 
nished surface. 


Jlems of fittest. 

To Remove Stains from Marble. —Take two 
parts of common soda, one part of pumice- 
stone, and one part of finely powdered chalk ; 
pass these through a seive and mix with water. 
Rub the marble with this mixture and wash off 
clean. 

To clean Engravings.— Dissolve one ounce of 




116 Every Man His Own Painter. 

crystals of oxalic acid in a gill of water, and 
saturate the engraving with it. 

Varnish fob Maps and Pictures.— Mix one 
ounce of Canada balsam and two ounces of 
spirits of turpentine. Wash the map over with 
isinglass in water, and when dry, apply the 
varnish with a soft brush. 

Cement.— Common shellac dissolved in alco¬ 
hol will be found an excellent cement or glue 
for broken furniture. 

Bird Cages should be painted with “dead 
color ” and varnished. Oil paint is said to be 
injurious to the bird. 

Boats should be painted with raw oil in the 
mixture, rather than boiled oil. The latter is 
very apt to blister and peel from the wood. 

Coloring G-rasses for Ornamental Vases.— 
Dip tho dried grasses in weak glue, and while 
still wet, roll each one separately in any dry 
color, and shake them, to remove any heavy 
drops of the glue. 




S- 3§Uto liWjpfr of Jainting Jfn- 
tmax of JfoM&es. 


Permanent "Wood Felling, as used in House 
Painting. 

custom of finishing houses with 
beautiful woods, instead of with paints, 
is a very tasteful one, and we are glad 
to notice that it is rapidly growing in 
favor -with the public. In the hall, 
bath-room, and kitchen, in the finer class of 
houses now building in New York, the use of 
natural woods has generally superceded that 
of paint ; and in some of the most luxurious 



( 117 ) 


118 


Every Man 


houses, where expense is an after consideration, 
mantles of ear-red wood have in man, instances 
taken the place of marble. This new mode of 
finishing is without question superior- to the 
old in every consideration of beaut, and 
durability. It has but one objection, its 
costliness. It is with a view of covering this 
one objection that the Permanent Wood 
Filling—originally intended as a pnmmg for 
carriages and cars,-has been tested by many 
house-builders, and as it has invariably proved 
valuable, it merits the attention o ouse 
painters and architects. In an ordinary house 
It is too expensive to finish with hand woods, 
but b, using this liquid to stain pine or white- 
wood, an excellent imitation may be produced 
at trifling expense. 

For the information of those who aie un¬ 
acquainted with the Permanent Wood Filling, 
we would say, it is a liquid, of about the same 
consistency as varnish, and is supplied in cans 
of one and live gallons capacity, at $4.00 per 





His Own Painter. 


119 


gallon. There are two shades, the “Dark” 
and the “ Light.” 

The former is employed when it is desired 
to stain the wood a rich brown; the latter is 
nearly colorless, and is used on light colored 
work, or when the natural shade of the wood 
is to be retained. 

It is claimed for this new article, that being 
a very penetrating and non-evaporating anti¬ 
damp, of extreme durability, it is a perfect and 
permanent filling for the pores of wood, and is 
designed to take the place of lead paint, in a 
measure, for all new work. Paint simply 
forms a coating upon the wood, and can only 
protect so long as that coating remains unim¬ 
paired by exposure ; whereas the filling enters 
the pores and permanently closes them, thus 
hardening the wood itself, and making it almost 
an enamel, while but very little of the filling 
remains on the surface. It is also very elastic, 
and no flaking or cracking will ever be found 
in its use ; and it being easily washed or 



120 


Every Man 


cleaned, is very useful on kitchen and hall 
wainscotings. 


DIRECTIONS FOR USE. 

On close-Grained Wood.— Inside finish, one 
coat of Permanent Wood Filling, dark or light 
shade, or a mixture of the two, as taste may 
direct. Let dry, and sandpaper. If a brilliant 
finish is desired, a coat of varnish may be 
added. 

On heayy-Gkained Wood.— Inside finish, use 
the following method : Put on one coat of 
Permanent Wood Filling. Let diy, and sand- 
paper lightly. Mix starch, Japan Gold Size, 
oil and turpentine, and apply a coat of this 
compound and knife in. When dry, the job is 
ready for varnishing. 

If it is not desired to fill the grain so as to 
make a perfectly true and even surface, simply 
apply two coats of Permanent Wood Filling, 
giving the first time to dry before the second 




His Own Painter. 


121 


is applied. Oil and sandpaper. Varnish, if 
desired. 

On Paneled Work.— In houses ceiled with 
pine or other soft wood, a very beautiful and 
durable finish may be made at little expense in 
the following manner : Apply one coat of Dark 
Filling on each alternate panel, and a coat of 
Light on the rest. Or a still more attractive 
effect may be produced by filling one panel 
with Dark Filling, the next with light, and the 
third with an intermediate shade composed of 
an equal mixture of the other two. Let dry 
from two to four days. A coat of varnish may 
be applied if a brilliant finish is desired. 

The new depot at Saratoga is finished in 
hard woods, as follows : Black Walnut wain¬ 
scoting five feet high. Above that Chestnut cut 
up into panels with mouldings of Black Walnut. 
Over the whole surface are two coats of the 
Light Filling. Every one who has seen this 
depot pronounces the finish to be unequalled 



122 


Every Man 


both for its tasteful appearance and extreme 
durability. 

The following list embraces a few of the build 
ings finished with the Permanent Wood Filling. 

2. Carriage Repository of Brewster and Co., 
of Broome Street, N. Y. 

3. Custom House, St. Paul, Minn. 

4. Cabinet Work, Treasury Building, Wash¬ 
ington. 

5. The Rockwell House, of Glenn Falls, N. Y. 

6. Methodist Church, Beverly, Mass. 

7. R. R. Station, Saratoga Springs, New 
York. 

8. Homeopathic Hospital, 23d Street and 
3d Av., New York City. 

' 9. Wm. G. Fargo’s $250,000 mansion in Buf¬ 
falo, New York. 


CAUTIONS. 

The Permanent Wood Filling can only be 
used on new work. Where lead or zinc has 
been once used it is not applicable. 




His Own Painter. 


123 


It can be applied with an ordinary paint 
brush, but must be put on vgry thin and even• 
and should be well rubbed out, leaving no 
more than the wood will absorb. 

There must be nothing added to thin the 
Filling. When it does not spread readily (as 
on a cold day) it may be turned into a dipper 
and immersed in hot water, and this will 
greatly facilitate the working. But as heat has 
a tendency to cause it to thicken after it has 
cooled, no more should be warmed than is re¬ 
quired for immediate use. Light and air will 
aid its drying. 

Owing to the fact of its retaining its “ tack ” 
for a considerable length of time after its 
application, painters are apt to think that it is 
not dry when it really is. Two days is suffi¬ 
cient time to allow it to dry. 

Avoid the use of turpentine throughout this 
system of painting, as far as possible. 



INDEX* 


Introductory.... 

CHAPTER I. 

Painting. 

Tools used. 

CHAPTER TL 
Brushes. 

CHAPTER IH. 

Drx Colors . 

White Lead. 

Zinc White. 

Lampblack. 

Drop Black. 

Ivory Black. 

Prussian Blue. 

Ultramarine. 

Green. 

Yellow. 

Vermillion. 

Brown. 

Lake. 


PAGE 

5 Carmine. 

Rose Pink. 

Whiting. 

11 Glue. 

13 Pumice Stone. 

Asphaltum. 

16 CHAPTER IV. 

Liquids. 

Spirits of Turpentine. 
25 Oils. 

25 Varnishes. 

26 Furniture Varnish 

27 Average prices of Var- 

27 nish. 

28 Shellac Varnish. 

28 Japan Gold Size. 

29 Brown Japan. 

29 Size. 

29 Fat Oil Size 

30 Quick Size. 

31 Asphaltum Size. 

31 Honey Size... 


PAGE 

32 

33 
33 

33 

34 

35 


37 

37 

38 

39 

40 

40 

41 

41 

42 
42 
42 

42 

43 
43 


(124) 





































Index 


125 


Size for Glass. 44 

CHAPTER Y. 

Colobs in Oil. 45 

Tube Colors. 46 

Compound Colors.... 46 

CHAPTER VI. 

Mixing Paint. 48 

White Paint. 51 

White for inside work 52 

China Gloss. 53 

Oil Color for outside 

work. 53 

Dead or Flat Color... 54 
Colors ground in Oil. 54 

Putty. 55 

Common Window Put¬ 
ty. 55 

Carriage Painters’Put- 55 

ty.. 55 

Cementing Putty..... 55 

Furniture Putty. 56 

Hard wood Putty. 56 

Putty for Plaster work 56 

CHAPTER Vn. 

Milk Paint. 57 

Distemper Painting .. 58 
Kalsomine. 58 


Preparing Kalsomine. 59 
Paint for Out-build¬ 
ings. 62 

Paint for Don Railing 63 

Whitewash. 63 

Size for Walls. 64 

Paste for Paper-hang¬ 
ing . 65 

Hanging Paper. 66 

CHAPTER VHI. 

Gkaining. 68 

Oak in Distemper.... 69 

Oak in Oil. 71 

Maple. 71 

Mahogany. 71 

Rosewoood. 71 

Black Walnut.... 71 

Staining. .. 71 

Granite. 72 

Brown Stone. 72 

Portland Stone. 72 

Smalting... 73 

Flockings. 74 

Marbling. 74 

CHAPTER IX. 

Gilding. 76 

Gold Leaf.. 76 

Silver Leaf. 80 






































126 


Index. 


Dutch Metal. 

Gilding on Glass..... 

Bronzing. 

Stenciling. 

Transferring. 

Decalcomanie. 

Transparent Painting 

Pearl Inlaying. 

Making a Bustic Pic¬ 
ture. 

Painting Flower Stand 
Polish for Mahogany.. 
Polish for Bosewood.. 
Varnishing Furniture. 
Waxing Furniture.... 

Cleaning Paint..,. 

Paint for Farming 

Tools. 

Paint for Machinery.. 


Paint for Household 

goods. 98 

Paint for Iron. 99 

To imitate Ground 

Glass. 99 

Pouncing Ornaments. 100 
Painting to imitate 

Damask. 101 

To Paint a Farm 

Wagon. 104 

To Be-vamish a Car¬ 
riage. 107 

To Duplicate Plaster 

Casts. 110 

To make “Putty 

Work”. 114 

Permanent Wood Fill¬ 
ing for House Work 117 


80 

80 

81 

82 

86 

87 

87 

90 

91 

93 

94 

94 

94 

96 

96 

97 

97 





















Phrenological Journal, 

A First-Class Illustrated Magazine, 
Devoted to Science, Literature and 
General Intelligence. 


1)1. a3 ncr-vr--The Brain and ita Functions; 

X the Location and Nature of 

all the Organa, with directions for cultivating, de¬ 
veloping, improving and restraining them. 

Pliysio&n omy- 

a glance, in the Human Face, on Scientific Principles. 

TTtlirt a 1 Atrir—° r ! the Natural History of Man : 
XiLSI 111 ?J Origin, Manners, Customs and 
Modes of Life in different Tribes and Nations, with 
different Temperaments and pictorial illustrations. 

Pllircirwl no'V - The Laws of Life; including 
A the Education, Training ana 

Discipline of Children, and the Right Management 
of Lunatics, the Insane, Prisoners and others. 

"Di Arr-tmiYliiAQ given of all the leading Men and 
JJlUg I il jJIlICa Women of the World. 

Qolf* 1 '111 tlD'O—Instructive articles on Self- 
U1 tut L Improvement; M emory ; 
Choice of Pursuits ; Our Natioual Resources, etc. 

n >, 11 \r Much useful information on the lead- 
r UlcUlJ 5 jng topics of the day —Political, 
not partisan—Religious, not sectarian—Educational, 
Reformatory. Agricultural, Commercial, etc.—will be 
given, and no efforts spared to mate The P ireno- 
j. 00 i cal for 1874, the most interesting ever published. 

.Terms. —Monthly, $3 a year, in advance. Clubs 
of ten or more, $2 each. Single numbers, 30 cents. 

The moBt libera! Premiums are given. Address, 

S. B. WELLS, Publisher, 389 Broadway, N. Y. 



A. ,1. RTflKNTlTJ, CO 



BOOK PUBLISHERS , 



27 "VYarren St., N. Y. 

OUR LEADING PUBLICATIONS. 


BOOKS JUST PUBLISHED : 

Detail, Cottage & Constructive Architecture, $10. 
Withers’ Church Architecture, - - 20. 

BOOKS RECENTLY PUBLISHED. 

Bicknell’s Village Builder and Supplement, 

in one vol., - $12. 

Supplement to Village Builder, - 5. 

Cummings & Miller’s Architect, - 10. 

Loth’s Practical Stair Builder, - - 10. 

Our .32-page Illustrated Catalogue of the above and other 
Standard Works, sent to any address. 



























JUST PUBLISHED : 

A Self-Made Woman; 

or., 

MARY IDYL’S 

'Trials and. Triumpb,s. 

By Emma May Buckingham. One 12mo vol. Over 
300 pages. Handsome muslin. Trice, $1.50. 

“ Its aim is to encourage those who are struggling up 
towards a higher moral and intellectual life, to urge 
them to persevere until the end is attained. We often 
hear the remark, ‘He is a self-made man but the 
term is rarely applied to woman. My heroine, Mary 
Idyl, was really self-taught. Notwithstanding poverty, 
disappointments and discouragements, at homo and 
abroad, she succeeded in educating not only her head, 
hut her heart. She endeavored to eradicate faults of 
character, to cultivate her tastes; and, by carefully 
observing the rules of Hygiene, she succeeded in ren¬ 
dering her almost dwarfed and deformed body, sym¬ 
metrical, if not beautiful. Her loveliness, which was 
from within, shone out 1* her actions and words, also 
in her expression, reminding one of an imprisoned 
light within a translucent vase. If this story shall 
assist one of my sex in the work of self-instruction— 
of taste and heart-culture—I shall not regret the effort 
which it has cost me.’’— Author’s Preface. 

The nature and object of this work are sufficiently 
explained in the above extract. Agents wanted. 

Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price $1.50, by 

S. K. WELLS, Publisher, 

389 BROADWAY, New York. 




A NEW HEALTH BOOK. 


---- 

digestion 

AND 

DYSPEPSIA. 


A complete explanation of the Digestive 
Processes, with the Symptoms and Treatment 
of Dyspepsia and other Disorders of the Di¬ 
gestive Organs. Illustrated. By R. T. Trall. 
M. D. Muslin, $1. 

This Book constitutes by far the best work on the 
subject ever published. With Flfty Illustrations 
showing with all possible fullness every process of 
Digestion, and giving all the causes, and directions for 
Home Treatment of Dyspepsia, a disorder which, in 
Its various forms, is the cause of nearly all the diseases 
from which the human race is suffering. 

Copies sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. 
Agents wanted. Address, 

S. R. WELLS, Publisher, 

389 Broadway, New York. 





■ 



[To meet all ordinary cases, we have prepared a 
Series of Works—all based on strictly “Hygienic 
Principles ’’—enabling the reader to become 
“Every Man His Own Doctor,” and thereby 
save the cost of Bills for Medicines, Bitters, 
and all the slops of the apothecary. These Works 
of Reference describe all the symptoms of dis¬ 
ease, all the aches and pains, and give the proper 
remedies. With this Library at hand, one would 
seldom be at a loss what to do in any emergency.] 

Hydropathic Encyclopedia.— A System of 
Hydropathy and Hygiene. Including the Nature, 
Causes, Symptoms, and Treatment of all known Dis¬ 
eases. Designed as a Guide to Families. Nearly 1000 
pages and 300 engravings. By R. T. Trall, M.D. $4.50. 

Chronic Diseases of the Digestive Organs, 

Lungs. Nerves, and Skin, and of their Treatment. 
With View of the Nerves of the Lungs, Heart, Stom¬ 
ach and Bowels. By J. M. Gully, M.D. $2.00. 

The Science of Human Life.— By Sylvester 
Graham. With Index. Illustrated. Complete, $3.50. 

Family Gymnasium. — Containing the most 
improved methods of applying Gymnastic, Calis- 
thenic, and Vocal Exercises. By Dr. Trall. $1.75. 
Midwifery and the Diseases of Women.— 
General Management of Childbirth, Nursery, etc. $1.75 
Infancy.— Physiological and Moral Treatment. A 
complete work. By Andrew Combe, M.D. $1,50. 
Chronic Diseases, especially the Nervous Diseases 
of Women. For the Married.—Both Sexes. Price 50c. 
The Bath.— Its History and Uses in Health and 
Disease, with Twenty Engravings. Price 25 cents. 

Single copies of the above, sent by return post, at 

E riee annexed. The complete set—worth $15.55—sent 
y first Express, for $10.00. Address S. R. Wells, Pub¬ 
lisher, 389 Broadway, New York. 




An Indispensable Hand-Book, 


How to Write—How to Talk—How 
to Behave, aud How to do Business. 

COMPLETE IN ONE VOLUME. 


This new work embraces just that practical matter of 
Ihct information which every one, old and young, ought 
to have. It will aid in attaining, if it docs not insure, 
“success in life.” It contains some 600 pages, well 
bound, and is divided as follows: 

How to Write. —A Manual of Letter-Writing and 
Composition, teaches the inexperienced how to write 
Business Letters, Family Letters, Friendly Letters, Love 
Letters, Notes, Cards, and Newspaper Articles, and how 
to Correct Proof for the Press. Indispensable. 

How to Talk. —Contains useful instruction on 
how to speak Correctly, Clearly, Fluently, Forcibly, Elo¬ 
quently, and Effectively; also a Chairman’s Guide, to 
conduct Debating Societies and Public Meetings. The 
ohapter on “ Errors Corrected ” is worth the price of the 
volume or “ a dozen grammars.” 

How to Behave— Is the best “Manners Book'' 
ever written. Good manners at Home, on the Street, at 
a Party, at Church, at Table, in Conversation, at Places 
of Amusement, in Traveling, in the Company of Ladies, 
in Courtship, etc. 

How to Do Business— In the Counting-Room, 
the Store, Shop, on the Farm, for the Clerk, Apprentice, 
Book Agent, and for Business Men. It Teaches how to 
choose a pursuit, and how to follow it with success. “ It 
teaches how to get lich honestly,” and how to use your 
riches wisely It is a Capital Guide Book. 

How to Write —How to Talk—How to Be¬ 
have—How to do Business, be und in one large 
handsome volume, post-paid, for $2.25. It is 
a Capital Book for Agents. Address, 

S. R. WEILLS, 389 Broadway, N. T, 




A New and Useful Work. 


EDLOCK; Or, The Right Relations 



of the Sexes—D isclosing the Laws of 


Conjugal Selection, and showing Who May and 
Who May Not Marry. A Scientific Treatise. By 
Samuel R. Wells, One vol., 12mo, 250 pages; 
plain muslin, price, $1.50; in fancy gilt binding, $2. 


Among the subjects treated are the following: 
Marriage a Divine Institution; Qualifications for 
Matrimony; The Right Age to Marry; Motives 
for Marrying; Marriages of Consanguinity — of 
Cousins, when Justifiable; Conjugal Selection— 
Affinities ; Courtship—Long or Short; Duty of 
Parents ; Marriage Customs and Ceremonies of all 
Nations ; Ethics of Marriage; Second Marriages, 
are they Admissible? Jealousy—Its Cause and 
Cure; Causes of Separation and Divorce; Celibacy 
—Ancient and Modem; Polygamy and Pantagamy; 
Love Signs in the Features, and How to Read 
Them; Physiognomy; Sensible Love Letters—Ex¬ 
amples ; The Poet’s Wife; The Model Husband 
and the Model Wife — the Mutual Obligations, 
Privileges, and Duties ; The Poetry of Love, Court¬ 
ship, and Marriage—Being a Practical Guide to all 
the Relations of Happy Wedlock. 

The book is handsomely printed and beautifully 
bound It was intended more especially for young 
people, but may be read with interest and with 
profit by those of every age. Copies will be sent 
by post to any address on receipt of price, by 
8. R. Wells, 389 Broadway, N. Y 



$<pedikl I^t. 

PHRENOLOGY AT HOME! 


TRe St.iidci.it>' $10 $et. 

Wc have arranged below, a aeries of the best 
works, with a Phrenological Bust, showing the 
exact location of all the Phrenological Oigans, 
individually, and in groups, by which the learner 
may know the position and exact location of each 
mental Faculty. With this “Student’s Set’’ 
one may become “ His Own Phrenologist,” and 
learn at Home, how to Delineate Character. 


New Physiognomy; or, Signs of Character, as 
manifested through Temperament and External 
1 orms. \\ ith more than 1000 illustrations. $5.00. 

HOW to Stead Character. A New Illustrated 
Hand-book of 1 hrenology and Physiognomy. $1.25. 

CJonstStutlon oi Man. Considered in relation to 
External Objects. By George Combe. $1.75. 

°» Phrenology. By George Combe. 
V\ ith Notes. An Essay on the Phrenological Mode of 
Investigation, and a Historical Sketch. $ 1 . 75 . 

Combined Annuals of Phrenology and 
Physiognomy, for 1865, ’66, ’67, ’68, ’69, ’70, ’71 ’72 
and ’78. Containing over 300 Illustrations. $2.00. ’ 

Natural hawsofMan. Questions with Answers. 
By J. G. Spurzheim, ,M.X>., Muslin, 75 cents. 

The Phrenological Bust, with latest classifica¬ 
tion, and exact location of the Organs of the Brain 
Largest size in Box, price $2.00. [Sent by express.] ‘ 


Either of the above sent on receipt of price. 
The Complete Set—worth $14.50—will be sent by 
first express for $10. By S. R. Wells, Publisher, 
389 Broadway, New York. 





Tlie Proper Study of Mankind is Man." 


NEW PHYSIOGNOMY, 

OR 

“SIGNS OF CHARACTER,” 

As Manifested in Temperament and in External 
Forms, especially in “ the Human Face Divine.” 


A comprehensive and practical work, in which Phys¬ 
iognomy, based on Ethnology and Phrenology, is sys¬ 
tematised, explained, illustrated, and applied to char¬ 
acter reading. Following are some of the topics :— 


Previons Systems, 

including those of ancient 
and modern writers given. 

General Principles 
of Physiognomy, or the 
laws on which character 
reading is based. 

X e m peraments. — 
Ancient Doctrines ; New 
Classification now in use. 


>gnomy Ap¬ 
plied— To Marriage, to the 
Training of Children, to 
Personal Improvement, to 
Business, to Insanity and 
Idiocy, to Health and Dis¬ 
ease, to Classes and Profes¬ 
sions, to Personal Improve¬ 
ment, and also to Character 
Reading generally. 


Practical Physiog- 

nomt.— General Forms of 
Faces—Eyes, Mouth, Nose, 
Chin, Jaws, Teeth, Cheeks, 
Forehead, Hair, Beard, 
Complexion, Neck, Ears, 
Hands, Feet, Voice, Walk, 
Laugh, Shaking Hands. 

Ethnology. —The dif¬ 
ferent Races Described— 
National Types illustrated. 

Animal Types.— 
Grades of Intelligence, In¬ 
stinct and Reason ; Animal 
Heads and Animal Types. 


Character Reacting 

More than a Hundred noted 
Men and women introduced 

Graph omancy. — 

Character Revealed in 
Handwriting with Speci¬ 
mens—Palmistry—illus. 

The Great Secret. 

—How to he Healthy and 
How to be Beautiful—Men¬ 
tal Cosmetics—interesting. 

Aristotle and St. 

Paul. — A Model Head; 
Views of Life ; Anecdotes 


In one large handsome volume of nearly 800 pages, 
and more than 1,000 Engravings on toned paper, hand¬ 
somely hound. Price, $5. In calf, $8 ; morocco, gilt, 
010. Address, Samuel R. Wells, 389 Broadway. N. V. 





The Illustrated Annuals. 

For Nine Tears, Combined in One Volume. 

Contains : 

1865.— Physiognomy lllus. Debate in Crania. 
Fighting Physiognomies Illus. Palmer, the English 
Poisoner. Character in the Eyes. Where to find a Wife. 

18 66.—Character in the Walk. Uses of Phrenology. 
Stammering and Stuttering, A Cure. Two 
Qualities of Men. Home Courtesies. Vanderbilt. Lan¬ 
guage of Eyes. Phrenology. Brigham Young. 

1867.— Names of the Faculties. About Fat and 
Lean Folks. Thomas Carlyie. Matrimonial Mis¬ 
takes. Handwriting. How to Conduct Public Meet¬ 
ings. Rasb fulness—Diffidence—Timidity. 

1868 —A Brief Glossary of Phrenological Terms. 
Jealousy, Its Cause and Cure. Marriage of 
Cousing. Bad Heads and Good Characters. Howto 
Become a Phrenologist. The Two Paths of Womanhood. 

1869.—True Basis of Education. Blind Tom. What 
Can I Do Best. Mirtbfulness— W it — Humor, 
Weight of Brains. Temperament of Cattle. How to Study 
Faces. Convention of the Mental Faculties. 

18 70.—Our Editors—Bryant, Greeley, Bennett, 
Brooks, Marble, Dana, Raymond, with portraits. Why 
Children Resemble Parents. Science of Conjugal Selec¬ 
tions. Happy Marriage. Temperament in Wedlock. 

X 8 71 —National Types of Female Beauty. Phren¬ 
ology—Its History. Principles, Proofs and Uses. The 
Perceptives. Personal Beauty. West Point—How to 
Enter. How to Study Men, Definitions of the Organs. 

18 72.—Man’s Place in Nature. Science of Man. 
Science and Religion. Government Children, Crimi¬ 
nals, Insane and Idiots, Hr. Miiman, Sumner, Howard, 
Du Chaillu. Roebling, Ann Lee, Emp. of Germany, and 
his Aids. Twelve Prominent American Clergymen. 

18 73. —Racial Types of Face and Form Illustrated. 
Phrenology and the Physiologists. Every-day Life, Illus¬ 
trated. David Livingston, bred. Douglas. Caricature 
Expression. W. II. sevvard. All the Presidents of the 
United States, from Washington to Grant. Matthew 
Arnold. How to Cure a Cold. Signs in the Lips. 

Over 400 pages, and more than 350 Hlustrative En 
gravings. Price, by first post, in muslin, *2.00. 

Please Address, S. R. Wells, 389 Broadway, N. Y. 


HOW TO READ 


CHARACTER; 

A New Illustbated Hand-Book of Phrenology 
and Physiognomy, for the use of Students and 
Examiners; with a Descriptive Chart for marking, 
and upwards of 170 Engravings. Price, post-paid, 
in musUn, $1.25; in paper, $1. 

One who wishes to get a practical knowledge of 
Phrenology and Physiognomy in the shortest pos¬ 
sible time, and without burdening his mind with 
theoretical speculations, will find this just the work 
he needs. It begins at the beginning; describes 
the brain and the skull/ illustrates the tempera¬ 
ments ; shows how the organs are grouped to¬ 
gether iu the cranium ; points out the location and 
“unction of each organ, with the corresponding 
physiognomical signs ; gives practical direction for 
the cultivation or restraint, as may be necessary, of 
each organ ; explains fully the “ Art of Character 
Reading,” showing how to proceed in an examina¬ 
tion, how to find the organs, how to distinguish 
temperaments and other physiological conditions. 

The work is thorough, methodical, carefully 
considered iu every part; and at the same time 
simple, concise, popular in style, and adapted to 
the comprehension of all. It does not claim to be 
exhaustive-, but we can confidently assert that sc 
nuch truly useful matter on the subject treated, 
vith so many fine illustrations, can nowhere else 
ie found in the same compass or for so small a pries. 

For sale by all booksellers and sent by mail, post 
'aid by 8. R. Wells, Publisher, 339 B’way, N. T. 


only25 CENTS EACH 


The Annual of Phrenology and Physi- 

ognomt por 1873. Copiously illustrated, and filled 
with fresh, timely and entertaining matter. 25 cents. 

Water-Cure for the Million- The Pro- 

cesses of Water Cure Explained. Popular Errors 
Exposed. Rules for Bathing, Dieting, Exercising, 
etc. given. Recipes for Cooking, Directions for 
Home Treatment. 25 cents. 

The True Healing Art, or Hygienics. Drug 

Medication. A plain practical view. 25 cents. 

Diseases of the Throat and Lungs, includ¬ 
ing Diphtheria, and their Proper Treatment. 25 cts- 
The Bath—Its History and Uses in Health 
and Disease, with Twenty Engravings. 25 cents. 

Wells’ New Descriptive Chart, tor the 

Use of Examiners, in the Delineation of Character. 25c. 

Phrenology and the Scriptures. Har 

mony Between Phrenology and Bible. 25 cents. 

Tea and Coffee. their Physical, Intellectual, 

and Moral Effects on the System. 25 cents. 

Memory’s Tribute to the Life, Charac- 

ter, and Work of the Rev. T. H. Stockton. 25 cents 

Temperance in Congress.—Ten Minutes 

Speeches in House of Representatives. 25 cents. 
Teeth; tlieir Structure, Disease, and Manage 
ment, with Engravings. 25 cents. 

Tobacco; Its Physical, Intellectual, and 

Moral Effects. 25 cents. 

As brief concise works on their respective subjects, 
we would commend the above. Either of ihr-m sent 
post-paid, for 25 cents, or one copy of each will be scut 
by mall, post-paid, for $2.25. Address all orders ta 
S. E. WELLS. 389 Broadway, New York. 



Weavers Works 


Weaver’s Works for the Young.—Compris¬ 
ing “ Hopes and Helps for the Young of both Sexes,’ 
“Aims aud Aids for Girls and Young Women/' 
“Ways of Life; or. the Right Way and the Wrong 
Way/’ By Rev. G S. Weaver. One large to!. $3. 
The three volumes of which this work is comprised, 
may also be had in separate form. 

Hope* ai#d Helps for the Yoims of botb 

SEXES.—Relating to the Formation of Character, 
Choice of Avocation, Health, amusement, Music, 
Conversation. Cultivation of Intellect, Moral Senti¬ 
ment, Social Affection, Courtship and Marriage. $1.50. 

Aims and Aids for Girls and Voting 

WOMEN, on the various Duties of Life. Including, 
Physical, Intellectual and Moral Development. Self- 
Culture, Improvement. Dress. Beauty. Fashion, Em¬ 
ployment, Education, the Home Relations, their Du¬ 
ties to Young Men, Marriage. Womanhood aad Happi¬ 
ness. $1 50. 

Wayii of Life, showing the Right Wav and the 
"Wrong Way. Contrasting the High Way and the Low 
Way ; the True Way and the False Way : the Upward 
Way and the Downward Way; the Way of Honor and 
the Way of Dishonor. $1.00. 

The Christian Household. —Embracing the 
Christian Home. Husband, Wife, Father, Mother, 
Child. Brother and S ster. $1.00. 

BBetital -Science.— Lectures on, according to the 
Philosophy of Phrenology. Delivered before the An¬ 
thropological society of the Western Liberal Institute 
of Marietta, Ohio, illustrated, $1.50. 

The aoove most valuable Works will be sent, by raatl 
post-paid, to any address on receipt of price, by y P 
Wells. Publisher. 3MM Broadway, N. Y. 


EACH 


ONLY 


NOTES ON BEAUTY, VIGOR AND DEVELOP- 

SIENT ; or, How to Acquire Plumpness of Form, 
Strength of Limb, and Beauty of Complexion; with 
Rules for Diet, Bathing, Physical Exercises. By Wil¬ 
liam Milo, of London. Illustrated. 10 cents. 

CHART OF PHYSIOGNOMY ILLUSTRATED.— 

Designed for Framing, and for Lecturers. In Map 
Form. Printed on fine paper. 10 cents. 

THE SYMBOLICAL HEAD AND PHRENOLOGI¬ 
CAL Map ; containing a Pictorial Definition of the 
Organs Explained. 10 cents. 

CAPITAL PUNISHMENT; or, the Treatment of 
Criminals. Does the love of life, or the fear of death 
tend to lessen or prevent Crime ? By Combe. 10 cts. 
CHARTS FOR RECORDING THE VARIOUS 
Phrenological Developments. 10 cents. 

FATHER MATHEW, THE TEMPERANCE APOS¬ 
TLE.— His Portrait, Character, and Biography. 10c. 

EDUCATION OF THE HEART.— By Colfax. 10 cts 

THE GOOD MAN S LEGACY.—A Sermon on Dr. 
Richard Rothe, by Dr. Osgood. 10 cents. 

THE GOSPEL AMONG THE ANIMALS.—By the 

the same. 10 cents. 

THOUGHTS FOR THE YOUNG MEN OF THE 

West, or a Few Practical Words of Advice. 10 cents. 

THE NEW ILLUSTRATED HEALTH ALMANAC 

For 1873. 10 cents. 

A NEW ILL ISTRATED AND DESCRIPTIVE CATA¬ 
LOGUE of Books, containing full title and specimen 
Illustrations, with much iuteresting information^ 10c. 
Either of the above will be sent to any address for lli 
cents, or one copy of each, by mail, post-paid, $1.00. 
ScnU for all, and you never will regret it. Address 
S it Wells, Publisher, 389 Broadway, Lew lorK. 



BRIEF CATALOGUE 

OF 

Books for AIL” 

S. E. "WELLS, Publisher, 389 Broadway, IT. T. 


Annual of Phrenology and Physiognomy. 1874,.. $0 25 

Annuals for 1865 to ’73, 1 large vol. Complete,_2 00 

How to Read Character. Illus. Hand-Book,. 125 

Lectures on Phrenology. Comhe. Hlustrated,... 175 

Combe’s Moral Philosophy. New edition,. 175 

Combe’s Constitution of Man. Latest, best,. 1 75 

Defence of Phrenology. Dr. Boardman,. 1 50 

Education Complete. 3 vois. iD one,. 4 00 

Education on Nature of Man. By Spurzheim,_ 1 50 

Memory—How to Improve and Keep It,. 1 50 

Mental Science. By Weaver. Illustrated,. 150 

Wells’ New Physiognomy, 1000 illustrations,. 5 00 

Phrenology Proved, Illustrated and Applied. 1 75 

Self-Culture and Perfection of Character,... 1 50 

Self-Instructor in Phrenology. Illustrated,. 75 

Wedlock, Eight Relation of Sexes. By Wells_ 1 50 

Alcoholic Controversy. Temp. By Dr. Trail,_ 50 

Physiology of Digestion. By Dr. Comhe,. 50 

Combe’s Physiology—Education-Illustrated,.1 75 

Family Gymnasium. With Instructions. Hlus_ 1 75 

Food and Diet. By Pereira and Lee,. 175 

Fruits and Farinacea. Proper Human Food,. 175 

Notes on Beauty, "Vigor, &c... 10 


r 




















Srief Catalogue. 


Natural Laws of Man. Spnrzheim,. 75 

Combe on Infancy. Illustrated. Valuable. 1 50 

Sober and Temperate Life. By Cornaro,. 50 

Children in Health and Disease. Dr. Shew,. 1 75 

Hydropathic Cook Book. Illustrated. Dr. Trail, 1 50 

Hereditary Descent—Its Laws and Facts,. 1 50 

Philosophy of the Water-Cure. Illustrated. 50 

Practice of the Water-Cure. Illustrated,. 50 

Physiology, Animal and Mental,. 1 50 

Bell’s Anatomy of Expression. Illustrated,. 1 50 

New Hygienic Hand-Book. A Guide. Trail,. 2 00 

The True Healing Art. Dr. Trail. Paper 30c, mas. 50 
Water-Cure for the Million. Same. Paper 30c, mus. 50 
The Bath. By Trail. Paper, 25 cents ; Muslin,... 50 

The Human Feet, their Dress and Care,. 1 25 

Manual of Medical Electricity. Dr. White. 2 00 

The Parent’s Guide. Pre-Natal Influences,. 150 

Domestic Hydropathy. By Dr. Johnson,.2 00 

Family Physician, Hydropathic. Dr. Shew,. 4 00 

Water-Cure in Chronic Disease. Dr. Gully',. 2 CO 

The Science of Human Life. Dr. Graham,. 3 50 

The Emphatic Diaglott. Greek and Eng. Wilson 5 00 
Library of Mesmerism and Psychology, One vol. 4 00 

Aims and Aids for the Young. Weaver,. 1 50 

Popels Essay on Man. Notes and Illustrations,... 100 

Gems of Goldsmith. Poems. Most popular,. 1 00 

ASsop’s Fables. People’s edition. Illustrated,... 100 
Fruit Culture for the Million. Illustrated. 100 

























Brief Catalogue. 


Hopes and Helps for the Young,. 1 50 

Salem Witchcraft and Planchette Mystery,. 1 00 

Temperance Reformation. Armstrong. 1 50 

The Christian Household. Weaver,. 100 

Man: in Genesis and in Geology. Thompson,..1 00 

Life in the West. Stories hy Meeker,. 2 00 

Saving and Wasting. Live on a Dime a Day. 1 50 

Three Hours’ School a Day. Save the Children .. 1 50 

Right Word in the Right Place. Pocket Dict’ary. 75 

Ways of Life—Right Way and Wrong Way. 1 00 

Weaver’s Works, for young folks. Complete,. 3 00 

Footprints of Life. A-Poem. Dr. Harvey,. 125 

Oratory, with Chairman’s Guide,.,... 1 50 

Life at Home, the Family. Aikman’s,. 1 50 

Home for All—Gravel. Wall or Concrete Building . 1 50 

Chart of Physiognomy for Framing,. 25 

Family Dentist. Dr. Warren. Illustrated,. 1 50 

Phrenological Bust, [by Express,] Small, $1. Large 2 00 

Electrical Phychology—Lectures,. 1 50 

Movement Cure. Illustrated. Dr. Taylor,. 1 75 

Conversion of St. Paul. By Rev. Dr. Geer,. 1 00 

Man and Woman. Their Mutual Dependence_ 1 00 

Thoughts for Young Men and Womefi,. 1 00 

Carriage Painters’ Manual. Gardner. 1 00 

How to Paint. Same. Full Instruction,. 100 

Digestion and Dyspepsia. Right Treatment. Trail, 1 00 
Hydropathic Encyclopedia, complete. 300 illus¬ 
trations, best. Trail. 4 50 

The Model Potato. How to Grow it, Cook it, etc. 50 


For new “ Special List,” of the best Private Medical 
Works —for those who need them, send stamp. 

Copies of these Books sent free, first post, on receipt 
of price, hy S. R. Wells, 389 Broadway, New York. 


























Vol.ir.\ TKE [1874. 

Science of Health 


An Independent Journal, not the organ of 
any person or institution, but an earnest teacher of 
the Laws of Life and Health, which includes all that 
relates to the Art of Recovering and Preserving Health. 

To Ketaln Health. —It is better to preserve 
health by obeying the Laws of Life than to regain it 
when once lost. Learn to avoid the causes of disease. 

Disease and Its Treatment.— The theory of 
disease will be considered by competent writers, and 
philosophical and practical methods of treatment given. 

Invalids should read The Science or Health 
regularly, and learn the nature of their diseases, and 
the methods prescribed for Self-Treatment ana Cure. 

“Doctors’ Dills” can easily be saved in many 
families ; enough to pay for ten times the subscription 
price every year, by simply following its plain teach¬ 
ings. 

Women and Children.— Every number is de¬ 
voted largely to domestic interests, considering the 
health and needs of Women, and especially the physi¬ 
cal wants of Children. It will tell how to feed, clothe, 
and care for the young. 

Household Department.— Healthful Cook¬ 
ery.— We shall publish a series of articles on “ Season¬ 
able Dishes,” written expressly for this Magazine. In 
the same department will be given an amount of infor¬ 
mation in short, brief paragraphs, worth in themselves 
the price of the Science oe Health. 

Terms.— $2 a year in advance ; sample numbers, 20 
cents ; ten copies, $15, and an extra copy to agent. 

A hist of Premiums sent on application. Cash 
Commissions given. Xocal Agents Wanted. 

Address S. R. WELLS, 389 Broadw»v Hew York. 
































































































































































































































































