Upright and slow to bolt.
Blonde frisée for baby leaf.
Fancy blanched leaves for salad mixes.
Tender and uniform Italian dandelion, for cut-and-come-again harvest.
Earliest escarole with dark green leaves and compact plant.
Fancy blanched leaves for frisée salad mixes.
Spotted, round heads for year-round harvest.
Upright deep maroon radicchio, very attractive and impressively early.
Beautiful red stems and midribs for vibrant contrast in salad mix.
Uniform and slow-bolting radicchio.
Excellent uniformity and high yield potential for summer harvests.
Compact, slow-bolting endive.
Dark, deep red leaves for garnishes, salads, and kimchi.
Deep orange interior.
Best mini variety with light, sweet taste, attractive yellow interior.
Full-size for cooking and kimchi: sweet, tangy, juicy, and delicious!
Fast growing with great color contrast for mixes.
Full-size variety with wide adaptability and good, mild, sweet flavor.
Improved Red Dragon type.
Attractive Georgia-type hybrid.
High-yielding Vates type hybrid.
Georgia-type hybrid, our most attractive variety for fresh market.
New favorite first-early bicolor (sh2).
Autumn colors.
Tasty main-season bicolor super sweet (sh2).
Main-season workhorse bicolor (sh2).
Reliable first-early synergistic (syn) producer.
Bicolor (sh2) with improved quality for the late season.
Our earliest, most productive slicer, vigorous in field or greenhouse.
Especially flavorful harvested small, adapted to field and greenhouse.
Reliable yields on a uniquely compact plant.
Broadest disease resistance package.
Productive and flavorful long Asian cucumber.
Popular OP variety, defined standard slicing cuke "look" in the North.
Improved pickler selected for organic growers.
Tasty snacking cucumber with good heat tolerance.
Large Beit Alpha for colder conditions.
High-yielding pickler with very broad disease resistance.
Unique Beit Alpha x long Asian cross.
A unique specialty cucumber, can be eaten fresh or pickled.
Improved Black Italian type.
The most dependable Asian eggplant.
Abundant yields of solid purple specialty fruits on compact plants.
Attractive purple-and-white mini eggplant with wonderful flavor.
Very uniform, high-yielding organic eggplant with classic bell shape.
The best container variety, ideal for small-space gardening.
Solid white specialty mini eggplant on a compact plant.
Slender, bright purple fruits.
Vivid white skin with a clean look.
High-yielding white eggplant with attractive and uniform fruits.
Italian heirloom with white and violet streaks and creamy texture.
Spineless, purple-striped Italian type.
Later maturing, uniform organic fennel.
Later maturing uniform organic fennel.
Big rounded bulbs are uniform and high yielding.
Reliable and high-yielding OP fennel with a nice bulb.
Large and thick, rounded bulbs; a higher yield potential than OP types.
Big rounded bulbs from organic seeds.
The most reliable garlic to grow.
Best variety for making garlic braids.
Selected for larger cloves.
Great for roasting.
Bold garlic flavor.
Colorful buttercup-shaped fall addition, prominent blossom end button.
High-yielding, colorful, and unique mix with daisy-pattern stem end.
Large, colorful, warted collection in a multitude of shapes.
Ornamental mix of vibrantly-colored winged and warted gourds.
Selection of mixed gourds with diverse shapes and bold fall colors.
Classic type for crafting.
A conversation piece.
Perennial sales with minimal effort, a great value-added product.
A conversation piece at markets, well liked by children.
Standard green curly kale.
Gorgeous baby kale mix.
Highly uniform Lacinato or "dinosaur" kale for full-size production.
Vigorous hybrid-Lacinato type.
Frilly deep purple-red leaves and very similar to Winterbor.
Smooth, green, purple-veined leaves for baby leaf and bunching.
Organic green curly kale, similar to Winterbor.
Organic green curly, open-pollinated kale.
For one-cut or traditional harvest.
Strong disease resistance.
Economical strain for baby leaf.
For early season harvest.
Premium organic kohlrabi.
Early, uniform, and great tasting; best all-around kohlrabi we've found.
Prettiest, most uniform purple variety.
Extra early with excellent yields that are very uniform in maturity.
Giant storage kohlrabi that retains its sweet, tender flavor.
Pure white.
Our best open-pollinated, purple kohlrabi.
Vigorous, slow-bolting red butter type.
Improved butterhead for CEA summer slot.
Adaptable mid-size red romaine.
Classic romaine with modern disease resistance.
Crunchy, juicy, sweet romaine for baby leaf.
Award-winning dark green oakleaf for full-size heads.
Dark red leaves for all seasons.
Our highest yielding one-cut.
Extra-crunchy complement to Azirka.
Great-tasting Eastern shipper.
Extra-early Charentais.
Personal-size and widely adapted with strong disease resistance.
Delicious traditional Charentais.
Premium-quality organic cantaloupe.
Early Tuscan type with superior flavor.
Fruits with excellent flavor borne on powdery mildew resistant plants.
Attractive yellow-skinned honeydew with very flavorful orange flesh.
Strong disease resistance and very sweet flavor.
Unique orange-fleshed honeydew.
Perfect shipping melon with disease tolerance and good shelf life.
Creamy, sweet, and aromatic Crenshaw.
Economical red beet for microgreens.
Adds a pop of bright green color to your mix.
Large, light green leaves.
Unique color combination and mild flavor.
Light green leaves with yellow mid-vein and stems.
Easy-to-grow mix.
Spicy, easy-to-grow mix.
Mildly spicy, dark-purple stems and leaves.
Easy, fast, and colorful.
Crisp, spicy flavor.
Mild broccoli flavor.
Spicy, nutty flavor.
Traditional OP, the standard variety in the South.
Early and high-yielding with very uniform, dark green pods.
Red, high-yielding, and uniform.
An earlier red storage type.
Organic long-day storage onion.
Reliable long-storage red.
Very upright plant habit.
A white cipollini that's actually easy to grow.
Long harvest window.
Organic and downy mildew-resistant long-day onion.
Our most winter-hardy bunching onion, with little or no bulbing.
Exceptionally long-storing yellow onion.
Better flavor than other bunching onions, sweeter and more complex.
Widely adapted Walla Walla type for growing farther South.
The famous juicy, sweet regional favorite from Walla Walla, Washington.
For overwintering/spring harvests.
Earlier harvests, bigger roots.
For fall harvests.
High-performance OP.
Most flavorful snap variety.
Beautiful multicolor mix.
High-yielding snow pea.
Specialty appearance plus vigor.
Powdery mildew-resistant version of the beloved Sugar Snap.
Our earliest snap pea.
Rich purple color from the breeder of Sugar Snap.
An outstanding late variety with delicious flavor.
Be the first to market with sweet peas.
Golden yellow color from the breeder of Sugar Snap.
Organic shishito pepper seeds.
Adapted for the West Coast.
Traditional-sized serrano.
Vibrant golden yellow, medium-large bell with excellent, sweet flavor.
Delicious Italian frying peppers.
High-yielding, continuous set type.
Sweet and flavorful mini-sized peppers; all three colors in one mix.
Best-tasting and beautiful Italian frying pepper, bred by Johnny's.
Sweet, thick-walled banana pepper for pickling or fresh eating.
Large, highly adaptable poblano ideal for chile rellenos.
Improved King Arthur type.
Easy-to-grow, bright-orange bell with thick walls and fruity flavor.
Easy to grow, early to harvest.
Longtime favorite for flavor.
Excellent all-purpose potatoes from a widely adapted variety.
Productive early red variety.
Dark purple skin and flesh and holds its color when cooked.
Superior baking potato for the North.
Purple fingerling that retains its rich color when boiled.
Pink fingerling with bicolor flesh and gourmet flavor.
Specialty potato with red skin, yellow eyes, and outstanding flavor.
Adaptable, tasty early russet.
Renowned for "new" potatoes; light red skin and delicious yellow flesh.
Lovely double-ribbed appearance.
Great for kids and U-Pick farms.
The most uniform Jarrahdale we have trialed.
Mini pumpkin carefully selected for productivity, shape, and color.
Market mainstay in Southern France, where it is sold as cut wedges.
The perfect pink partner to Jarrahdale.
Beautiful Long Island heirloom suited for pies and long storage.
The whitest pumpkin we offer, with smooth skin and pie-worthy flesh.
Beautiful ornamental with excellent eating quality.
Extra-large white pumpkin that retains its color after maturity.
Improved flat white hybrid.
Orange with green splotches.
Great-tasting traditional Korean type.
Our recommended sub for D'Avignon.
Extra early and refined.
Early, organic, round red radish.
Multicolor mix of round radishes for making attractive bunches.
Attractive purple roots with sweet flavor and good eating quality.
"Watermelon" radish for fresh eating and fermenting.
Even maturity and a long harvest window.
Heat-tolerant organic variety that produces high-quality roots.
A more refined French Breakfast type.
Pastel pink round radish.
Greater uniformity for higher yields.
Sweet and mild flavor.
Greater uniformity for better yields.
The classic salsify.
Rich and savory taste.
Single-bulb shallots suitable for long storage.
Traditional shallot for long storage.
Unusual color and shape.
Organic traditional storage shallot.
Gray-green pea shoots with good flavor and lots of tendrils.
Mildly nutty shoots for snacking, salads, and garnishes.
Mild, nutty flavor.
The preferred pea variety for shoots, with uniform germination.
Spicy flavor for salads or to garnish a wide variety of dishes.
Mild lettuce-like flavor, green heart-shaped leaves and pinkish stems.
Sweet-flavored shoots are an attractive bright-yellow when blanched.
Used for juicing; makes fresh, pleasantly-bitter, mildly-sweet juice.
Purple, lime, and dusty-green leaves with sweet-spicy flavor.
These delicate shoots with mild pea flavor make the perfect garnish.
Common addition to salads and sandwiches that adds mild, nutty flavor.
Crunchy texture and mild bean flavor.
Another way to eat healthy broccoli.
A mix of organic sprouting seeds.
Spicy radish flavor.
Aromatic Indian herb for sprouts with rich flavor.
Mild onion flavor.
Crisp seedlings with white stems, green leaves, and peppery flavor.
Mild kale flavor.
Wheat sprouts with a sweet, malty flavor.
A welcome splash of color at winter markets.
Delicious personal-size kabocha.
Costata with improved yield and plant habit.
Early, powdery-mildew resistant zucchini with high yields, open plants.
Refined culinary duo.
Outstanding culinary quality.
Still the benchmark for large butternuts.
Yellow straightneck, precocious gene ensures fruits stay yellow.
Unique appearance and great flavor.
Spineless yellow zucchini with excellent yields.
Tastiest small butternut.
The classic pasta alternative with the best noodle-like consistency.
Sweet flavor and no strings.
Widely adapted traditional orange sweet potato.
Purple skin, white flesh, and a unique flavor profile.
Johnny's signature mix, the gold standard for multicolored Swiss chard.
The most bolt-resistant red chard.
The standard green Swiss chard, savoyed leaves, white stems and veins.
Golden-orange stems.
Economical organic strain for baby leaf.
Clean, vibrant leaves.
All yellow stems and leaf veins, for baby-leaf or full-size bunches.
Standard red chard for bunching or baby leaf.
Bright, candy-striped stems.
Pink-veined baby leaves are excellent in salad mix.
Early green tomatillo, a great addition to salsa and Mexican dishes.
Purple heirloom for fresh salsa and long-term storage.
Extra-large green tomatillo.
An even better Big Beef.
Improved disease resistance.
A productive plum tomato with late blight resistance.
A delicious yellow tomato.
Highly productive grape tomato with leaf mold resistance.
Strong, balanced, high-yielding plant.
A great match for Tomatoberry Garden.
Intense fruity flavor for an exclusively fresh-market treat.
High-quality strain of this classic heirloom paste tomato.
Classic sweet red cherry; reliable, prolific yields, large clusters.
One of the best tasting with rich, loud, distinctively spicy flavor.
Long favorite heirloom plum, good for salads, ideal for processing.
This early, white salad turnip sets the standard for flavor.
The traditional American turnip.
Beautiful red salad turnips with crisp white flesh and spicy skin.
Our recommended sub for Scarlet Queen Red Stems.
Beautiful constellation pattern.
Flavorful early mini.
First-ever organic triploid.
Classic large watermelon with excellent flavor and texture.
Delicious, small, seedless watermelon with crisp, bright red flesh.
The longtime standard of small watermelons.
A true mini that tastes like summer.
Personal-sized, early, and delicious.
Orange seedless watermelon with great flavor.
Superior yellow-flesh watermelon.
Bright, orange flesh with sherbet-like taste, a real people-pleaser.
Round "icebox" watermelon with sweet red flesh.
Heaviest leaf for processing and freezing.
Uniform, slender leaves ideal for fresh use.
Thin, flat leaves, delicate garlic flavor, and attractive flowers.
Versatile medium-size leaves.
Medium-size leaf, highly uniform.
Upright, full plants with attractive, easy-to-harvest leaves.
Bolt-resistant variety with uniform, upright plants.
Standard cilantro with robust flavor.
Standard cilantro, available in organic seed.
Attractive, fern-like cilantro for baby-leaf production.
Split seeds for precise planting.
Slowest to bolt, full bulky plants.
Multi-use Genovese basil with downy mildew and Fusarium resistance.
Fast-growing, classic Genovese. Downy mildew and Fusarium resistant.
Exceptional Thai basil.
Attractive and intensely flavorful sweet-and-tangy lemon basil.
The traditional culinary variety with huge leaves and great flavor.
A true Greek oregano with strong aroma and flavor.
An excellent alternative to vegetative varieties.
Most widely grown variety with good leaf, flower, and seed yields.
Quicker, more reliable germination.
Beautiful in casual flower bouquets, imparts a sweet cinnamon aroma.
Classic Italian basil variety with authentic flavor and appearance.
Seeds flavor Mexican and Indian dishes.
Leafy herb with bold celery flavor.
Culinary and medicinal, leaves used in salads, roots ground for coffee.
Standard bunching dill.
Slow-bolting dill for bunching and leaf harvest.
For field, container, and hydroponic production.
Our slowest-bolting dwarf dill for containers and small spaces.
Standard bunching variety that bolts more slowly than Bouquet.
Common purple coneflower, the easiest echinacea to grow.
First-year flowering perennial in a stunning mix of colors.
Common purple coneflower. The easiest echinacea to grow.
Vigorous leaf production and sweet flavor.
Gorgeous reddish-bronze color, vigorous, uniform, and slow to bolt.
A woodland plant native to eastern North America.
Medicinal Native American root.
Versatile Asian culinary herb.
Brussels Winter type with dark green leaves.
Eye-catching green leaves with red undersides.
Great plant for attracting bees, popular ornamental for perennial bed.
Compact English lavender with a nice range of bloom colors.
Distinct lemon flavor for teas and salads, flowers attracts bees.
Aromatic grass from India.
Specialty culinary herb, tastes like celery with a hint of anise.
Light, sweet flavor for teas and cooking.
An oregano relative, and Mediterranean native, with zesty flavor.
Common variety in a compact plant.
Aromatic leaves are a substitute for French tarragon.
Aromatic leaves are a substitute for French Tarragon.
Shiny green leaves, sweet-spicy flavor.
Improved microgreen production over standard cilantro.
Shiny green leaves, traditional basil flavor.
Variable expression of purple, green, and variegated leaves.
Broad, thick green leaves with mild cucumber flavor.
Traditional French herb lends mild, sweet anise flavor in subtle way.
Intricately-lobed, medium-green leaves with mild parsley flavor.
French type with oval-shaped green leaves and zesty lemon flavor.
Ruffled, two-toned leaves with licorice flavor.
Feathery leaves add delicate dill flavor and visual interest.
Bright lemon flavor and distinctive red veins.
Increasingly popular medicinal herb.
A zesty, versatile herb.
Mint flavor and aroma in abundance.
Culinary favorite with savory, pine-scented foliage.
Lacy blue-green ornamental, ideal for short hedges or borders.
A staple of the herb garden.
Improved, high-yielding variety with high essential oil content.
Unique leaf shape with mild cucumber flavor for salads, garnishes.
Traditional Japanese culinary herb with appealing, crunchy texture.
Perennial cousin to summer savory, with thicker and shinier leaves.
The standard savory.
Upright, tidy, and ideal for container sales.
Flat-leaf green type with pink tinge on undersides.
The bright, solid-yellow flower heads are shaped like gum drops.
Incredibly sweet leaves are an herbal alternative to sugar.
Superb culinary thyme.
Sturdy aromatic ground cover, drought tolerant once established.
The standard winter-hardy thyme with good flavor and yields.
Classic thyme appearance with a minty-citrus flavor.
One of nature's best herbal sedatives.
