It has come to my attention recently that there are many posts were written in languages other than English. SSC is an international forum and English is the official language for communication, using other languages outside of their home sections is prohibited . The only exception is when the English language news source or data are not available and need to rely on foreign articles, in this case non English posts but with the English translation will be permitted.It has come to my attention recently that there are many posts were written in languages other than English. SSC is an international forum and English is the official language for communication, using other languages outside of their home sections is prohibited . The only exception is when the English language news source or data are not available and need to rely on foreign articles, in this case non English posts but with the English translation will be permitted.Feel free to contact these mods or myself for assistance

@ChrisZwolle | @dimlys1994 | @RyukyuRhymerFeel free to contact these mods or myself for assistance

@ChrisZwolle | @dimlys1994 | @RyukyuRhymerFEATURE-Poor roads cost Cameroon cocoa farmers dear 

KUMBA, Cameroon, Aug 28 (Reuters) - Farmer Lawrence Mekoli has just sold eight 60-kg sacks of cocoa and earned the equivalent of hundreds of dollars. But he is far from happy. 

"My brother, how can I smile with what I've gone through," Mekoli said after striking the deal with a buyer at Kumba in South-West Province, the main cocoa zone in Cameroon, the world's fourth biggest grower of the commodity. 

"This cocoa was delayed in my village for about three weeks," he said. 

Mekoli's farm in Kumbe-Balondo village is only around 50 km (30 miles) from Kumba. But when heavy rains come and the roads become potholed quagmires, many private transporters refuse to drive here to collect cocoa for fear of damaging their vehicles. 

Mekoli eventually found someone prepared to bring his cocoa to Kumba, but had to pay 2,000 CFA francs ($4.17) for each sack, way over the 500-1,000 CFA he usually pays in the dry season. 

Worse, by the time he came, the market price had dropped. 

"I called vehicle owners in Kumba to come and evacuate my cocoa to the market, but they told me they could not come because the bad state of the road will ruin their vehicles," he said. 

"At the time, cocoa was selling in Kumba at 800-900 CFA francs per kg. Now that I have managed to bring my cocoa here today, the price has gone down to 720 CFA francs. Just see for yourself how much I've lost," he said. 

Poor transport infrastructure is one of the greatest obstacles to trade in Africa, making it hard for poor farmers to get their produce to market in good enough condition to fetch the highest prices, and driving up overheads. 

The World Bank said in June it would provide $201 million in loans and grants to improve road and rail links between Cameroon and neighbouring Chad and Central African Republic -- countries it said had "some of the least functional traffic connections of any area in the world". 

As the link to the Atlantic coast for both the other countries, Cameroon will get the lion's share of the World Bank cash. But such investments for major traffic arteries are unlikely to trickle down to the level of small roads linking farms and villages to provincial trading towns like Kumba. 

RAIN, DELAYS HURT QUALITY 

"I've been to most remote villages where farmers produce a lot of cocoa, but can't evacuate them to market centres. Sometimes they get stuck in mud during evacuation and the beans become humid, attracting a low price," said retired banker Agnes Mambe, who is trying to help farmers here improve their lot. 

The rainy season in the southwest lasts most of the year and keeps the lush landscape wet enough for cocoa trees. 

But too much rain brings its own problems, creating the perfect environment for humidity-loving fungal diseases and making bean drying a struggle against the elements. 

The European Union provided 2,500 drying ovens in 2001, helping eliminate the contamination of beans sometimes caused by locally made wood or coal-fired ovens, or by roadside drying. 

Use of the ovens is important as the European Union -- which buys 86 percent of Cameroon's output, mainly for grinding in the Netherlands -- has set maximum levels for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), created by partial burning of carbon fuels. 

But many farmers say there are not enough new ovens to go round, making it hard to deliver well-dried beans to buyers. 

Repeated rains can also wash off pesticides and fungicides, forcing farmers to spray trees more frequently to keep black pod and other diseases at bay, Kumba Mayor Caven Nnoko Mbele said. 

"The period of cocoa harvesting coincides with the period of intense rains," he said. 

Apart from the weather, farmers complain they are also squeezed by buying agencies, to whom many growers are perpetually in debt for fertilisers and pesticides advanced on credit. 

"The cocoa farmer ... is not a rich man, in spite of his labour," said Mayor Mbele. "Experience has clearly shown that if you desire to be a prosperous man in the cocoa business, you should rather be a cocoa buyer than a cocoa farmer."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Watwhy did you start a thread to to show the woes of african infrastructure? 
:?Islamabad Gallery | Most beautiful lakes | Pakistan Highways and Motorways | Amazing Himalayan Pics
 
 http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?p=21051157Why not? How can you improve it unless you know whats wrong with it.I'll also include news of improvements to balance the view.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatI think people need to focus on what's good about African infrastructure instead. The media in general has a pessimistic view to most things African, so praising what has been done right may encourage more good to come out.CAPE TOWNLydz said:



I think people need to focus on what's good about African infrastructure instead.

Click to expand...

I see you are in Cape Town...why don't you start it off?World Bank launches program to improve lighting for sub-Saharan Africa 
5 September 2007

WASHINGTON (AP) - Lacking electricity, Africans spend an estimated $17 billion (euro12.5 billion) a year on lighting sources such as kerosene lamps that are inefficient, polluting and hazardous. 

The World Bank intends to change these conditions with a program launched Wednesday to provide lighting for the 250 million people in sub-Saharan African who have no access to power. 

Working with its private sector arm, the International Finance Corporation, the bank intends to develop market conditions for the supply and distribution of non-fossil fuel lighting products. 

These products can include fluorescent light bulbs and light-emitting diodes for use in rural and urban areas not connected to an electricity grid. Power would come from the sun, the wind and mechanical devices such as pedals. 

The bank said there is a potentially huge market for modern lighting products that are safe and reliable, that provide higher-quality light and that are cost competitive with fuel-based lamps. 

It said more than 350 companies have expressed interest in the Lighting Africa initiative. 

"Modern lighting will mean improved air quality and safety for millions of people in Africa," said S. Vijay Ayer, manager of the bank's energy sector for Africa. "It will mean longer reading hours for students and longer business hours for small shops." 

Gerard Kleisterlee, president and chief executive of Netherlands-based Philips, said in a recent speech that the rural lighting market, like many markets for low-income people in developing countries, is not very well known or explored. 

"It is essential that governments and internationals organizations such as the World Bank, (non government organizations) and various companies get together in a network to work out the appropriate business models," Kleisterlee said. 

The bank said the first phase of Lighting Africa will have three priorities: 

--Launch a competition for the design and delivery of innovative low-cost, high-quality non-fossil lighting products that target low income consumers in sub-Saharan Africa. Ten to 20 winners will receive grants of up to $200,000 (euro147,200). 

--Initiate market research in Kenya, Ghana, Tanzania and Zambia to better understand local consumer demand, behavior and preferences and look at local supply, marketing and distribution channels. 

--Inaugurate a business-to business Web portal where manufacturers, distributors and marketers from all over the world can create partnerships, conduct business online and access the latest market information.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatLydz said:



I think people need to focus on what's good about African infrastructure instead. The media in general has a pessimistic view to most things African, so praising what has been done right may encourage more good to come out.

Click to expand...

Oh no, here we go. It's all our fault...northsider1983 said:



I see you are in Cape Town...why don't you start it off?

Click to expand...

Well what would you like to know? I can't possibly fit everything in here so narrow down what you'd like to know about and I'll see what I can doCAPE TOWNrick1016 said:



Oh no, here we go. It's all our fault...

Click to expand...

Where did I state that it was all the medias fault? Are you trying to tell me that having the world constantly focusing on the negative aspects of Africa is doing it any good? I personally know people who have "nearly fainted" when walking off planes after seeing that we don't live in the bush. The world image of Africa is not the true one at present, there is no denying that.

Imagine if the only thing the media focused on in the USA was the poorest of the poor. Investors wouldn't give it a second thought, tourists would probably rather die than visit the place etc. As clichéd as the saying is...don't judge a book by its cover. We all have our problems.

I'm not here to start a flame war. All I'm saying is that focusing on what's good is going to do a lot more for Africa in the long run than the opposite.  Most people know it has its problems, but those same people often don't know that there is so much we do have to offer.CAPE TOWNWell, then maybe you can start by posting some pictures of the infrastructure, since that is the thread we are in. Show some highways, some some of the trasnit services. Show people that Africa is not just a bunch of tikki huts. I personally think Cape Town is one of the most beautiful cities (from pictures, I have not been there).Here's the Infrastructure section from http://www.southafrica.info/ess_info/sa_glance/414421.htm

South Africa's infrastructure
South Africa has world-class infrastructure: a modern transport network, low-cost and widely available energy, and sophisticated telecommunications.

And these are all in line for significant upgrade and expansion up to 2010, when South Africa hosts the Fifa Football World Cup. In its 2006 Budget, the government announced a R8.5-billion investment in infrastructure in preparation for the tournament.

The government has identified massive infrastructure projects as key to boosting the country's economic growth rate and creating employment, and committed billions of dollars to getting the investment ball rolling.

State company Eskom is one of the lowest-cost electricity suppliers in the world. With a network of more than 300 000 kilometres of power lines, the company ranks in the top 10 internationally for size and sales. It supplies 95% of South Africa's energy requirements - and two-thirds of Africa's. 

Eskom is to spend R48-billion between 2005 and 2010 on building new capacity, with the private sector investing a further R23-billion.

South African company Sasol is the world's largest manufacturer of oil from coal, gasifying the coal and then converting it into a range of liquid fuels and petrochemical feed stocks.

It's no surprise that the country which invented touchtone dialling offers world-class telecommunications, one of the fastest growing sectors in South Africa's economy.

With a 99% digital network and the latest in fixed-line, wireless and satellite communication, South African telecoms are the 23rd most developed in the world, and the most developed in Africa. Three cellular operators provide mobile telephony to over 20-million subscribers. (Mobile penetration has now reached around 89%)

The leader of IT development in Africa, South Africa is the 20th largest consumer of IT products and services in the world, ranking 18th in terms of internet use.

South Africa has the transport infrastructure of a fully developed country. The roads are world-class, and the air and rail network the largest on the continent.

The major centres are connected by over 9 000 kilometres of tarred and regularly maintained national highways, including over 2 000 kilometres of dual carriageway, and the numbers are increasing steadily.

The Gautrain is a R24-billion state-of-the-art rapid rail network currently under construction in Gauteng. Along its 80-kilometre route, trains travelling at up to 180 kilometres an hour will link Pretoria, Johannesburg, OR Tambo International Airport and Sandton, with a supporting secondary network of buses getting commuters to their destinations in speed and comfort.

South Africa's 10 international airports handle over 200 000 aircraft landings and 23-million passengers annually. OR Tambo International Airport is to spend R3.4-billion upgrading security and facilities ahead of the 2010 Football World Cup, while Durban is to build a brand new airport, at a cost of R2-billion, to cater for the hundreds of thousands of visitors the tournament will attract.

The country's ports provide a natural stopover for shipping to and from Europe, the Americas, Australasia and both coasts of Africa. 


Since we're on Infrastucture, take a look at the South African highways thread, which shows that South Africa is clearly on-par with first-world countries when it comes to roads: http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=498231CAPE TOWNHere is a map I did for work dealing with Cape Town. It shows it's highways, arterials, and local roads. I would say this is up to par with most world cities:here's the bridge between Cameroon and Gabon, so its getting there for Cameroon with new infrastructure. :cheers:Mind posting a picture of the bridge between Kinshasa and Brazzaville? 

Kinshasa is a city of 8 million and Brazzaville is a city of 1.5 million right across the Congo river, making a metro of nearly 10 million. Surely these cities are connected with several bridges and it shouldn't be hard to find a picture, right? Wrong. No bridge in the third largest metro on the continent. How can that be if the infrastructure was so great. 

No offense, but South African infrastructure is quite a bit different from infrastructure in other parts of Africa. It is still very country specific in Africa with a few haves and many have nots in terms of infrastructure.Whosville said:



Mind posting a picture of the bridge between Kinshasa and Brazzaville? 

Kinshasa is a city of 8 million and Brazzaville is a city of 1.5 million right across the Congo river, making a metro of nearly 10 million. Surely these cities are connected with several bridges and it shouldn't be hard to find a picture, right? Wrong. No bridge in the third largest metro on the continent. How can that be if the infrastructure was so great. 

No offense, but South African infrastructure is quite a bit different from infrastructure in other parts of Africa. It is still very country specific in Africa with a few haves and many have nots in terms of infrastructure.

Click to expand...

Well last time I checked...South Africa was part of Africa. So, next time a someone decides to create a thread about Africa and it's infrastructure, would you like them to call it "Africa's (except South Africa's!) Infrastructure Woes?"CAPE TOWNLydz said:



Well last time I checked...South Africa was part of Africa. So, next time a someone decides to create a thread about Africa and it's infrastructure, would you like them to call it "Africa's (except South Africa's!) Infrastructure Woes?"

Click to expand...

I am not faulting you for posting about South Africa's good infrastructure. It is good in your cities, no one is going to argue that. 

But, it is not like we should be all positive about Africa's infrastructure. There are a few countries with their acts together in this regard, and your country would top that list. Others I would add with decent infrastructure are Senegal, Egypt, Tunisia, increasingly Ghana, etc...

But, still the majority of the country has huge infrastructure issues. Luckily, they are skipping past many of the steps that other countries development went through and the Internet is becoming more available, but still you have a huge issue with hard infrastructure like bridges, paved roads, and utilities as well as softer infrastructure like hospitals, schools, universities, Internet connections, etc..

Anyway, posting a "infrastructure" thread about a whole continent is pretty silly, I agree. No one would do that for North or South American or Asia. There are country/region specific infrastructure issues, but not continent wide issues.Whosville said:



I am not faulting you for posting about South Africa's good infrastructure. It is good in your cities, no one is going to argue that. 

But, it is not like we should be all positive about Africa's infrastructure. There are a few countries with their acts together in this regard, and your country would top that list. Others I would add with decent infrastructure are Senegal, Egypt, Tunisia, increasingly Ghana, etc...

But, still the majority of the country has huge infrastructure issues. Luckily, they are skipping past many of the steps that other countries development went through and the Internet is becoming more available, but still you have a huge issue with hard infrastructure like bridges, paved roads, and utilities as well as softer infrastructure like hospitals, schools, universities, Internet connections, etc..

Anyway, posting a "infrastructure" thread about a whole continent is pretty silly, I agree. No one would do that for North or South American or Asia. There are country/region specific infrastructure issues, but not continent wide issues.

Click to expand...

That's exactly what I'm trying to get at :cheers: People are seriously over-reacting.CAPE TOWNINTERVIEW-S.Africa sees capital boost for Cape Town port 

CAPE TOWN, Sept 19 (Reuters) - South African state-owned logistics group Transnet plans to spend 4.2 billion rand ($592.5 million) to upgrade infrastructure at Cape Town's port, a senior Transnet official said on Wednesday. 

The project, part of the company's five-year 78 billion rand capital spending programme, should start in 2008 and would help meet fast-growing trade volumes that has stretched capacity at all the country's ports. 

Durban's harbour, southern Africa's busiest, is also being upgraded and a new container terminal and industrial zone, named Coega, is being built near the southern coast city of Port Elizabeth. 

"We anticipate that that's (the expansion) going to see us through to the 2012, 2014 period," Moira Moses, Transnet's projects group executive, told Reuters, adding final approval for the plans was imminent. 

"We have aligned the berth with the stack, with the equipment so that we can take on bigger ships, (so) that we have the right equipment to move the volume ... which will increase to around 1.4 million TEUs per year from 800,000." 

A TEU is an average-sized 20-foot-equivalent container unit. 

Moira said Transnet had been forced to draft new plans after the department of environmental affairs turned down an original container expansion design, which sought to reclaim sea land. 

"We have had approval now from the (environmental affairs) minister for the deepening of berths at Cape Town and we are very confident that we will have a decision around our proposal on reconfiguring Cape Town shortly as well," Moses said. 

She said Transnet believed it had developed a better option, stacking the containers vertically instead of horizontally, as it redesigned the existing footprint of the container terminal. 

"We're sure that (the decision) will be through in the very near future...We're sure its pretty imminent," Moses said. 

After Durban, the port at Cape Town -- South Africa's main tourist city -- is the second largest container facility in the country, and is the main export centre for South African fruit and vegetables.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatChina to lend Congo $5 bln in latest Africa foray 

KINSHASA, Sept 18 (Reuters) - China plans to lend the Democratic Republic of Congo $5 billion to modernise its decrepit infrastructure and rich but deteriorated mining sector in another huge Chinese investment foray in Africa. 

Congolese officials said the draft accord signed on Monday foresaw Chinese companies gaining copper/cobalt, gold and nickel concessions under repayment deals that would also include toll revenues from the roads and railways to be constructed. 

The proposed loan earmarks $3 billion for strategic highway and railroad projects that would link the country's mineral-rich but remote interior to its southern neighbours and the international shipping routes of the Atlantic. 

The remaining $2 billion targets the revival of the former Belgian colony's once-mighty mining sector -- a treasure trove of copper, cobalt, gold, nickel, uranium and diamonds still to be fully tapped -- whose production has been decimated by war, foreign invasions and years of graft, pilfering and neglect. 

"This agreement will allow us to carry out important large-scale projects," Congolese Infrastructure and Public Works Minister Pierre Lumbi told Reuters. 

"What we have are repayment methods in terms of mining concessions, but also others like toll revenues," he added. 

The draft accord signed comes with a promise of a possible additional $3.5 billion of funds still to be allocated. 

If fully disbursed, the loan will be one of the biggest Chinese financial commitments on the African continent. 

In recent years, the Asian economic giant has been sinking billions of dollars into energy, mining and infrastructure projects from Algeria to Angola. 

Of the initially proposed $5 billion, $3 billion will go in a first phase towards big infrastructure projects, including a 3,400-km (2,125-mile) highway between the northeast city of Kisangani and Kasumbalesa on the southern border with Zambia. 

It will also cover construction of a 3,200-km (2,000-mile) railway to link the country's southern mining heartland to its western port of Matadi, with access to the Atlantic. 

INFRASTRUCTURE IN RUINS 

Congo's infrastructure is in ruins following a devastating 1998-2003 war that killed around 4 million people, mostly from conflict-related hunger and disease. This came on top of years of corrupt misrule under late dictator Mobutu Sese Seko. 

Few paved roads exist outside Kinshasa and a few major cities. Congo's colonial-era rail system suffers daily derailments and regular fatal accidents. Much of the country is without electricity, clean drinking water, or basic healthcare. 

The $3 billion infrastructure segment includes plans to build 31 hospitals, 145 health centres, and two universities. 

The $2 billion allocated for mining will hand China a major foothold in a sector where foreign mining companies have been scrambling for stakes, especially following landmark post-war elections late last year won by President Joseph Kabila. 

"They (the Chinese) are getting copper and cobalt concessions in Katanga, gold near Kilomoto (in Ituri district), and nickel ... in the Kasais (provinces)," Deputy Mines Minister Victor Kasongo told Reuters. 

"These are concessions that have not been awarded yet," he added. 

Kabila's government has recently launched a review of mining contracts to weed out suspect deals and negotiate new accords potentially more beneficial to the country.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatMalaysia

From the colonial era, Malaysia inherited relatively well-developed but unevenly distributed infrastructure and transportation networks. After achieving independence, the Malaysian government made considerable efforts and large investments in expanding its highways, railroads, seaports, and airports. More recently, the government played an active role in encouraging development of modern modes of communications such as satellite telecommunications and the Internet. In the late 1990s, the government launched a privatization program in the transportation and communication sector, which brought private investments, allowed more flexibility, and provided initiatives for managers to increase profitability and production efficiency.

Malaysia is served by a network of 94,500 kilometers (58,721 miles) of primary and secondary roads, 70,970 kilometers (44,100 miles) of which are paved. This includes 580 kilometers (360 miles) of superior quality expressways, which connect Kuala Lumpur with Singapore and with major seaports and other destinations. However, the road transportation system is still underdeveloped in East Malaysia (Sabah and Sarawak), with most of the roads in Peninsular Malaysia. In the 1990s, with the rapidly growing number of privately-owned cars (840,000 new registrations in 1997 alone), the roads in the capital and other major cities became highly congested. This also brought air pollution in Kuala Lumpur to a very high level, which combined with pollution from forest fires in the Indonesian part of Borneo to create hazardous smog in 1997 and 1998. In 1996, there was a total of almost 7 million motor vehicles registered in Malaysia, including 2.8 million passenger cars, 3.4 million motorcycles and mopeds, 37,000 buses and coaches, and 400,000 trucks and vans. In response to the growing number of cars on the national roads, the government invested in development of the public transport system, including modernization of the country's railways and the construction of a light rapid-transit system in Kuala Lumpur.

Malaysia has a railway system of about 1,800 kilometers (1,120 miles), part of which was planned for privatization in 1998-99. In 2000, only 148 kilometers (92 miles) of railways were electrified. The major tracks run from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur, and further to Pinang and Bangkok (Thailand). However, the railways are unevenly distributed. There is only 1 railway track of about 134 kilometers (83 miles) in East Malaysia (in Sabah). Malaysia intends to invest heavily in development of a monorail system in Kuala Lumpur and into building new railways. The biggest project is the US$632 million (RM2.4 billion) Express Rail Link (ERL), which will connect Kuala Lumpur Central (the main railway station in the Kuala Lumpur City) with Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA). In 1996-97, the 8.6-kilometer Kuala Lumpur People Rapid Transit (monorail) was built at a cost of US$300 million (RM1.14 billion). The U.S.-based Parsons Transportation Group provided design and engineering services to the local Malaysian firm building

Kuala Lumpur's light rail transit systems. Several other multi-multimillion dollar railway projects have been initiated, but some were put on hold due to the difficulties caused by the Asian financial crisis.

Malaysia's seaports were established during the colonial era and served as merchant ports as well as British naval bases. The major ports are Kelang, George Town, Pinang, and Kuantan on the Peninsula, and Kota Kinabalu and Kuching in East Malaysia. During the last few decades, these ports were expanded to serve rapidly-growing Malaysian exports and imports. The West Port of Port Kelang has seen RM2.2 billion worth of combined (private and government) investments, while there has been RM2.8 billion worth of investment in the Tan-jung Pelepas Port. Competition has grown between Malaysia and Singapore for servicing international ships and handling containers, although 40 percent of Malaysia's international trade was handled through Singapore until recently. In 1998 Malaysia's seaports handled 83 million metric tons of cargo. In late 2000, there was an announcement that the world's largest container line, Maersk-Sealand, intends to move its regional trans-shipment operations from Singapore to the Malaysian port in Johor.

Malaysia has also promoted development of aviation in order to serve growing tourism and business needs. The country has 32 airports with paved runways, and 83 airports with unpaved runways. The largest of them, the US$3.2 billion state-of-the-art Kuala Lumpur International Airport, was opened in 1998. It is capable of handling 25 million passengers and 1.2 million tons of cargo annually. U.S. firms, including Harris, FMC, Adtranz, and Honeywell, have been awarded contracts to supply passenger trams, jetways, and information systems for this new airport. Malaysia transformed its national partly-privatized air carrier, Malaysian Airlines, into a world-class company, operating a fleet of about 100 aircraft.

In Peninsular Malaysia, electrical power is supplied by the predominantly state-controlled Tenaga Nasional company. Due to the rapid industrial development and growing demand for electricity, considerable efforts were made to privatize the national utility company and develop private initiatives to build and operate new power generating plants. To this end, a private consortium, the Independent Power Providers (IPPs), was established. Malaysia has sufficient reserves of oil, gas, and coal to meet its energy needs. Additionally, in East Malaysia there is huge potential for building hydroelectric power plants, but their development will require considerable investments. In the mid-1990s, the Malaysian government considered building the Bakun Hydro-electric Dam, which would have been one of the world's largest dams, in Sarawak; the controversial plan was abandoned, however, due to financial difficulties. In 1998, Malaysia produced 57.45 billion kilowatt hours (kWh), 94 percent of which was produced using fossil fuel and 5.22 percent by hydroelectric power plants.

Telecommunications services in Malaysia are provided by several competing companies. The largest is Telecom Malaysia, which formerly had a state monopoly in the sector. The quality of telecommunication services is up to international standards, thanks to an inflow of private investments and the government's initiatives in developing this sector. In 1998, the country had 4.4 million telephone lines and 2.17 million mobile phones. In 1999 there were 8 major Internet service providers (including Telecom Malaysia, MIMOS Ltd., and Maxis Ltd.), with a number of new companies announcing their intention to enter the market. In 1998, the Malaysian government announced the development of the multi-billion-dollar Multimedia Super Corridor (MSC). This ambitious project, 15 kilometers wide and 50 kilometers long, and stretching from Kuala Lumpur to the new international airport, is planned to become a Malaysian "Silicon Valley." The MSC will include 2 "smart cities," employing a high-technology environment, high-capacity telecommunications, sophisticated infrastructure, and even "electronic government."

Source : Encyclopedia of the NationsMalaysia likely to give growth projects priority
By Sharen Kaur Published: 2008/06/21, BusinessTimes










THE government's review of infrastructure and mega-projects under the Ninth Malaysia Plan (9MP) could see several projects put on hold, scaled down, or extended over a longer period, industry sources said.

Projects will likely be prioritised based on necessity, cost, and urgency.

Amid soaring costs and higher fuel prices, projects that would have the most benefits for the people would jump to the front line, they said.

"The government is more concerned with rising food prices. So they will go for top priority projects which can generate growth, instead of mega developments. While this is a concern among industry players, we hope to be given a slice of the smaller cake," said one official of a public listed construction firm.

The government had announced that 880 projects worth about RM15 billion will be implemented under the 9MP.

So far, projects that have been awarded under the 9MP include East Coast Expressway Phase 2 comprising packages 10 and 12 (worth RM1.5 billion), Kota Kinabalu Airport upgrade works (RM750 million), Second Penang Bridge (worth RM3 billion) electrified double-tracking projects from Ipoh-Padang Besar and Seremban-Gemas (RM16 billion collectively), and Langat 2 Water Treatment Plant (RM4 billion).

Projects that have been shortlisted but not yet awarded, meanwhile, include the Penang Outer Ring Road (PORR), Penang Monorail, Johor Baru Monorail, West Coast Expressway, flood mitigation, Pahang-Selangor Raw Water Transfer Project, Klang Valley LRT extension, and Selangor water treatment and distribution, worth RM28 billion collectively.

One industry player said he believes the government may postpone flood mitigation and building of highways in Peninsular Malaysia, while giving the go- ahead for road and bridge construction works in Sabah and Sarawak.

Some research houses, meanwhile, believe that PORR may be shelved indefinitely while the Gemas-Johor Baru double-tracking project could be postponed to 2009.

"Under the Eighth Malaysia Plan (8MP), 30 to 35 per cent of the projects were delayed and carried forward to the 9MP. We are expecting the same for the 9MP, looking at the current political scenario and rising costs.

"We believe the Ipoh-Padang Besar double tracks awarded to Gamuda-MMC could be prolonged from five to 10 years, and there may be some hitches in the Selangor water projects," an analyst said.

The flow of project awards will also likely slow down for the remainder of 2008, which could put downside pressure on the stock market.

"Most people have already factored in the news (project delays). The constraint now is that the government has a budget deficit level to meet and that level is 3.1 per cent of the gross domestic product in 2008. With this constraint in mind, they can't simply go around spending," said one analyst.

The analyst said there is talk that the Penang Monorail project may be re-tendered and the development plan restructured under a build, operate and transfer concept or private finance initiative offering the company the concession.

Another industry player said the government is expected to concentrate on projects which could benefit the public such as building new roads and improving the public transport system.

"We believe the government may go ahead with the Klang Valley LRT extension. They may shorten the plan," he said.

The LRT extension includes an extension of the Kelana Jaya LRT line to Klang, and a new outer-ring line serving the outskirts of the Klang Valley.Malaysia Has Made The Best Of What It Has, Says Kofi Annan 
By M. Saraswathi, Bernama

KUALA LUMPUR -- Former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan today heaped praises on Malaysia's success in economic development and political governance.

Describing Malaysia as having made the best use of whatever resources it has, Annan said its unique experience of development offered a more accessible and appropriate model for less developed countries to learn from.

In making the call, the Nobel Laureate cited how other ex-colonies should emulate Malaysia in investing in areas such as education, developing cost effective social safety nets, building appropriate housing and health systems.

It should also promote agricultural productivity, enhance rural development as well as harness national savings.

These are some of the vital components of modern Malaysia "that seems easy to be taken for granted when you gaze at the Kuala Lumpur skyline with its gleaming office towers clad in glass and steel. Today's Malaysia is a highly industrialized nation with state-of-art infrastructure, modern services and strong research and technology capacity" said Annan, who retired last year after helming the world body since 1997.

Annan, who hails from Ghana, said this in his address at the Khazanah Merdeka Series of lectures here today which was attended by over 800 people including Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi and his wife, Datin Seri Jeanne Abdullah.

Others included Malaysia's former Permanent Representative to the U.N. Tan Sri Razali Ismail, Second Finance Minister Tan Sri Nor Mohamed Yakcop, Khazanah Nasional Managing Director Datuk Azman Mokhtar and about 800 guests.

"You have much to be proud of. Most Malaysians are financially secure and there is a relatively high degree of social mobility "

"I do not support the argument that political stability can only be assured if freedoms are curbed, which some would say has been a price Malaysia has paid for prosperity.

"All this is easier said than done, you will say.

"I hear voices complaining about the inequities of the international systems that make it hard for Malaysia's voice to be heard.

"But this should not slow down efforts to develop networks or promote appropriate development strategies," he said.

"Malaysia has an important knowledge to impart to less developed countries. Joining the ranks of developed nations -- as Malaysia is expected to do -- within the next 12 years, brings certain benefits. It does, but it also carries obligations.

"In today's world, not only are we responsible for each others' security, but we are also in some measure responsible for each others' welfare.

" said Annan, who retired last year after helming the world body since 1997.

Annan, who hails from Ghana, said this in his address at the Khazanah Merdeka Series of lectures here today which was attended by over 800 people including Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi and his wife, Datin Seri Jeanne Abdullah.

Others included Malaysia's former Permanent Representative to the U.N. Tan Sri Razali Ismail, Second Finance Minister Tan Sri Nor Mohamed Yakcop, Khazanah Nasional Managing Director Datuk Azman Mokhtar and about 800 guests.Johor

Aero Mall, hi-tech park to boost Senai airport
Monday June 16, 2008, By FARIK ZOLKEPLI,TheStar










Senai Airport

THE construction of the Aero Mall shopping complex and the Senai High Tech Park will help the Senai International Airport to become a logistics hub in five years.

Johor Mentri Besar Datuk Abdul Ghani Othman said development projects conducted by Senai Aiport Terminal Services Sdn Bhd (SATS) would increase the number of passengers and cargo at the airport and thus benefit Iskandar Malaysia as well.

“The airport will be the first in the country to have a shopping complex equipped with a commercial centre. It will include a hotel, bank, restaurant and entertainment facilities,” he said.
Abdul Ghani said Aero Mall would have its own airport concept.

“With this, the airport will not only function as a location for airplanes to arrive and depart but will also become a high-tech hub for passengers as well as cargo to the rest of the world,” he told pressmen after launching the Aero Mall at the airport in Johor Baru.

The construction of the RM70mil Aero Mall is expected to be completed by December 2009.

SATS is also investing RM300mil to upgrade the main facilities at the airport such as increasing the length of the runways, equipping the runways with a new system and signal lights, as well as constructing runways catering to big aircraft.

“The upgrade is expected to take two years and once it is ready, the airport will be able to cater to big aircraft, both passengers and cargo,” Abdul Ghani said.

Meanwhile, SATS chief executive officer Datuk Mohd Sidik Shaik Osman said SATS would build the high-tech park on 800ha located beside the airport and economic zone.

“This will enable the park to become an interesting destination for high-tech sector investments. The park will be equipped with broadband and stable electrical supply without interruption,” he said.Johor

Bukit Chagar CIQ to start operations in May
By BERNAMA
11 February, 2008

The Bukit Chagar Customs, Immigration and Quarantine (CIQ) Complex will start its operations in May, Works Minister Datuk Seri S. Samy Vellu says. He said the complex, worth over RM1 billion, has been fully completed and all relevant government agencies have started to move in and make the necessary preparations.

“The CIQ will be open to the public and light vehicles in May,” he told reporters after officiating the ground breaking ceremony for the construction of a road from Permas Jaya to Pasir Gudang here today. 

Present was Johor Menteri Besar Datuk Abdul Ghani Othman.

Samy Vellu said the CIQ will have a temporary link to the Johor Causeway. 

Upon completion of the “Medium Term Link” (MTL), which connects the CIQ with the Johor Causeway, at the end of 2009, heavy vehicles which presently passed through the Tanjung Puteri Customs Inspection Centre will be allowed to use the complex, he said. 

When asked on the cost of building the MTL, he said the Finance Ministry was still looking at it.

On the 9km Permas Jaya-Pasir Gudang road, Samy Vellu said the RM190-million project undertaken by Pelantar Komponen Sdn Bhd would be completed by Jan 1, 2001. 

The cost included the construction of elevated interchanges along the Johor Baru-Pasir Gudang Road and in Permas Jaya and three bridges over Sungai Luncho, Sungai Rekoh and Sungai Masai, he said.

“The Works Ministry has identified Permas Jaya as having the potential to grow rapidly with the construction of several other high-impact infrastructure projects under the Iskandar Development Region programme,” he said. 

He also said that under the Ninth Malaysia Plan, the federal government had allocated RM1.87 billion for development projects in Johor.NEW
Customs, Immigration and Quarantine (CIQ) Complex
by serippe










The GSB Project involves the relocation of the existing Customs, Immigration and Quarantine ("CIQ") facilities to the present Johor Bahru railway station at Bukit Chagar and to replace part of the Causeway with a road bridge and a rail bridge, including the construction of other related infrastructure and amenities on a fast-track basis. GERBANG has been appointed by the Government of Malaysia (the "Government") as the Design & Build contractor for the GSB Project.

The Johor Causeway (the "Causeway"), built in 1920 and officially opened in 1924 is frequently congested and no longer adequate in catering to the increasing level of traffic between Malaysia and Singapore. The Causeway suffers from traffic congestion during peak hours, public holidays and festivals. The main focus of the road network in Johor Bahru is in the Johor Bahru Central Business District ("Johor Bahru CBD"), which has evolved around the Causeway linking to Singapore. Thus, the traffic pattern in Johor Bahru CBD is very much connected to what happens at the Causeway.Terengganu

Kuala Terengganu as hub to Far East proposed
Thursday June 5, 2008, TheStar

KUALA TERENGGANU: Terengganu wants the Sultan Mahmud Airport here to be a hub for destinations to China and Vietnam.

“The airport is located close to Kunming in China, Saigon and Hong Kong, so airlines operating these routes could establish their regional offices here,” Mentri Besar Datuk Ahmad Said said after chairing the weekly state exco meeting here yesterday.

Ahmad said the new airport terminal and extended runway could accommodate Boeing 747s from September.

“We will also see flights carrying 8,000 pilgrims from east coast states from the airport here directly to Mecca,

“Twenty Boeing 747s owned by Malaysia Airlines will use the airport to ferry pilgrims to the Holy Land,” he said.

Ahmad said 15 cargo planes, all B747s, will be used to transport horses for the World Equestrian Endurance Championship at Lembah Bidong, Setiu, this November.

“Therefore, the airport could be elevated to a regional hub so that passengers could fly direct to China and Hong Kong,” he said.

Ahmad said the state government would also build an aircraft refuelling facility at the airport for planes to transit.

He also said that Tabung Haji had agreed to build a complex for pilgrims on a 2.8ha site near the airport.NEW
Sultan Mahmud Airport, Terengganu 



















by asrulwahab










by RazaliTerengganu

Mega projects give a touch of modernity after Barisan takes over Terengganu
Tuesday February 19, 2008
TheStar

KUALA TERENGGANU: Kuala Nerus is one of eight parliamentary constituencies in Terengganu where the Federal Government has launched multibillion ringgit development projects since Barisan Nasional (BN) wrested the state from PAS in the 2004 general election. 

These projects have brought much progress to the constituency, giving it a touch of modernity. 

Among the mega projects launched in Kuala Nerus are reclamation of land along the Seberang Takir coast, construction of a sports complex and upgrading the Sultan Mahmud Airport. 

There is also the development of Pulau Duyong into a venue for the international Monsoon Cup sailing sports and construction of Felda headquarters in the east coast. 

Other new projects are Pulau Warisan to create four health centres in each state constituency, constructing pedestrian crossings, Fire and Rescue Department outposts and upgrading the Police Field Force complex in Gong Badak. 

In an interview with Bernama, Kuala Nerus MP Che Azmi Abdul Rahman said the RM300mil reclamation of the Seberang Takir coast up to Pantai Tanjung began two years ago. It is expected to be completed soon. 

Che Azmi said the embankment was to prevent soil erosion, reduce the impact of waves and, most importantly, facilitate smoother movement for fishermen to land their catches. 

For the 12th Malaysia Games (Sukma) in May, he said the state was constructing a RM300mil sports complex near the airport. 

On the current RM500mil upgrading works at the airport, Che Azmi said it was done to enable pilgrims to fly to Mecca from the state, rather than travel to Kuala Lumpur International Airport. 

Pulau Duyong, once viewed as a scenic fishing village, has earned a place on the international map as a leading haven for sailing enthusiasts and also as the venue for the prestigious annual Monsoon Cup. 

The island features a resort and facilities for the locals, including affordable apartments. 

“The project did not involve taking land from villagers. The roads and the resort were built on reclaimed land. 

There are also two universities – Universiti Darul Iman Malaysia and Universiti Malaysia Terengganu in Gong Badak, with other colleges and teacher training colleges in the area. 

Che Azmi said, to ease congestion at Sultan Mahmud Bridge and Manir Bridge, a new bridge linking Kampung Teluk Pasu, Pulau Sekati and Bukit Losong would be completed in two years.NEW
Terengganu Sports Complex
Malaysia




























by terengganu_99 










Indoor Stadium
by adamAUG06KUALA LUMPUR SMART Tunnel - Stormwater Management And Road Tunnel (SMART)
KL's SMART Tunnel:

The SMART Project Tunnel is about 9.7 km long and has internal diameter of 11.83 m. The SMART integrates both stormwater management and a motorway in the same tunnel.  

The Stormwater Management Component comprises of the diversion structure, a holding basin, a bypass tunnel, a storage resevoir and the twin box culvert and an outlet structure. The total storage capacity for SMART system is 3 million m3. The existing ponds at Kg. Berembang and Taman Desa will be utilized as holding basin and storage reservoir. 

The motorway will consist of a 3 km double deck structure within bypass tunnel with ingress and egress connection links at both ends of the structure. The ingress and egress connection to the motorway Tunnel Linking KL - Seremban Highway to Jalan Sultan Ismail and Jalan Tun Razak. 

The motorway consist of four ventilation and emergency escape shafts at about 1 km intervals and cross passages at 250 m intervals along the motorway tunnel. 

A flood detection system and control and surveillance team will be incorporate in the overall SMART system to effectively integrate and manage both stormwater and traffic.  

Teh operation of the SMART system works on three principal mode operation based on the relationship between flood discharge at the Sg. Klang / Sg. Ampang confluence and the operations status of the motorway. The river water stages and river discharge will be monitored via hydrological stations along the rivers. 

The flood discharge will only be diverted into the bypass tunnel when it exceeds 70 cumecs. For flood discharge between 70 to 150 cumecs, the motorway will still be open to traffic. The motorway will only be closed when the flood discharge exceeds 150 cumecs for the full stormwater operation of the SMART, which is expected once or twice a year.  

The reinstatement from stormwater to motorway operation will be initiated when the flood discharge recedes to 70 cumecs. The reinstatement process will take about 4 days and this involves cleaning up and reinstalling all portable equipment to full operation mode.

Opening of SMART tunnel to reduce flood risks and traffic jams
By BAVANI M.
Photos by SAMUEL ONG
Monday April 16, 2007
TheStar










In April and October of 2001, and again in June 2003, massive floods in Kuala Lumpur caused serious damage. It was apparent that the rivers flowing through the city were unable to hold the water and space constraints did not permit river improvement work. It was then that the storm water management and road tunnel project (SMART) was offered as a solution to end flooding in the capital city. More than three years have gone by since construction began and the highway is due to open at the end of this month. STAR METRO gains an insight into the workings of this RM1.9bil tunnel.NEW
KUALA LUMPUR SMART Tunnel 
Stormwater Management And Road Tunnel (SMART)KL-Putrajaya Highway

The KL-Putrajaya Highway will have the shortest direct link between the commercial centre of KL, the federal administrative centre of Putrajaya, the Multimedia Super Corridor of Cyberjaya and the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) at Sepang reducing the journey time from about 1 hour to approximately 30 minutes. Given its strategic linkage, this Highway is aptly referred to as "The Gateway to the Nation".

The KL-Putrajaya Highway is designed on a regional connectivity concept linking the Middle Ring Road 1 at Jalan Tun Razak and the Middle Ring Road 2 at Kesas Highway. It is also a traffic dispersal link to relieve traffic congestion along the KL-Seremban Highway at Jalan Tun Razak.NEW
KL-Putrajaya HighwayNEW
Kuching International Airport (KIA) 










The Kuching International Airport (KIA) has long been overlooked by many. Despite being the third largest airport in Malaysia, this airport seems to be rather underutilized after the Malaysian air rationalisation.NEW
Kota Kinabalu International Airport










Kota Kinabalu International Airport (KKIA) is located about 8 km from the city of Kota Kinabalu, the state capital of Sabah, Malaysia. It is the second busiest airport in Malaysia after Kuala Lumpur International Airport with around 4 million passengers using this airport annually for domestic and international flights. It is also the main gateway into the state of Sabah. In 2006, about 2 million unique tourists visited Sabah, and it is estimated that this number will exceed 2.5 million by the end of 2007.

by anoieNEW










by zacky of ktmrailwayfan.com



















SERENDAH STATION 
by kelvinkhew of ktmrailwayfan.com










IPOH STATION
From flickr.com



















by TWK90 
Track after Kuala Kubu Baru station










Serendah Yard
by Jason of ktmrailwayfan.comRM12bil double-track project 8% done
Wednesday June 25, 2008, By Zulkifly Mohamad, TheStar

BUTTERWORTH: The RM12.485bil electrified double track project from Ipoh to Padang Besar which commenced in January is now 8% complete.

An MMC-Gamuda JV Project spokesman said to date, 160km of the total 329km stretch of the project had been opened for works.

He said presently, the joint-venture partners for the project were actively involved in six major works.

“They include utility works such as relocating gas pipelines, water pipes and electricity cables. Works are also in progress to install fibre-optics for telecommunications facilities along the double tracks and stations,” he said.

He said works to build two double-barrel tunnels in Bukit Berapit with a distance of 3.3km and 330m for the other tunnel in Larut had begun.

“Various soil treatment methods are being carried out at all opened locations while earth and drainage works are also in full swing at such locations.

“The earthworks include ground levelling, cut and fill, land removal and preparation of access roads,” he added.

MMC-Gamuda JV Project has been given 60 months to deliver the project on Jan 7, 2013. They received the Letter of Award from the Government on Dec 13, last year, and took possession of the site on Jan 8.

The spokesman said work to build land viaduct at Bukit Mertajam in Penang and marine viaduct at Bukit Merah in Perak was progressing as scheduled.

The double-tracking main line would cover a distance of 171km from Ipoh to Butterworth while the Kedah line, from Bukit Mertajam to Padang Besar in Perlis, would stretch 158km.

It is touted as the single largest and one of the most expensive construction projects in the country and would create more than 100,000 jobs for the people in Perak, Penang, Kedah and Perlis.

Two million pieces of pre-cast concrete sleepers, 1.5mil tonnes of cement and 400,000 tonnes of steel are required to build the entire railway line.

Gamuda group managing director Datuk Lin Yun Ling was quoted as saying that the agreement with the government was one lump sum over the five-year span.

“We are hedging on the prices of building materials, so even if prices are volatile, we will not gain or lose,” he said.I like the Sultan Mahmud Airport! I has a distinctive Malay architecture. Most likely the inside is ultramodernManila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!Obviously Sultan Mahmud Airport still under construction. However, operation is commenced as usual. Check-in counters, several shop lots, cafeterias are already opened.
by triple-jA thread about vhicle playes , post your vehicle plates .

here is what i found:






























































(belgium)








(bosnia)

















(croatia)2009, new year , new roadsYou might as well gave a link to the worldlicenseplates.com website!highway photography @ Flickror http://www.olavsplates.com/

DK plate with euroband?Yes. its the new plate from 20082009, new year , new roadsWhere do you see it?take a ride on slovenian highways​under Czech Republic

---------









(fake)

Old Polish Gdańsk plate:









:lolreal)Oh.  But I guess they must keep the old format for Greenland?take a ride on slovenian highways​hmm and this thread is somewhere here too... but i'm lazy to search itSimCity4 ContestITALY










The last one is '94/'95 series with a 'EU' strip added: many people added this kind of strips, but I don't know how regular they are. '94/'95 plates are just white and black: plates with 'EU' strips are just from '99 (current series)

I liked so much old black plates with orange 
Till '94 plates number was referred to the province, and Rome had the peculiarity to be interely written on the plates: RomaURBANFILESomewhat old ones (NL)










Talking about real old ones :lol:










The current (new) styleMy Flickr account.
Some of my photoseries: Northern Ireland, Prague, Boston, Alaska part 1, 2, 3, Smoggy Moscow, Warsaw, Wrocław, Kiev, Donetsk, Odessa and Chişinău.Why do Italian trailers have two license plates?highway photography @ FlickrThese are Slovenian plates:









Since 1st July 2008 we have new plates (back to the old style, just with EU crest):








Notice Postojna (PO) with the coat-of-arms of Ptuj, which is nowhere near. :scouserd:take a ride on slovenian highways​ChrisZwolle said:



Why do Italian trailers have two license plates?

Click to expand...

One is for trailer, the second one for car pulling it if I'm correct.PLH said:












:lolreal)

Click to expand...

i don't know if you watched tv series "One foot in a grave", an old man got plates P1550FF. with font from brittish plates it really looks as piss off 



Verso said:



These are Slovenian plates:

Click to expand...

current SLO plates are one of the best looking to me in whole world. this new look as step behind. the main 3 things why SLO plates look great to me are:
-randomized alphanumerical combination (that's really fantastic!)
-province coat of arms shown
-font (current)Svaki dan sanjam autobahn...​*my clinched motorways*​Danish numberplate









Despite what you may see online there are no EU plates yet and no public support of them anytime soon - they are however expected to be optional some time in 2010.. but it's not certain yet how it will go..



enschede-er said:



Yes. its the new plate from 2008

Click to expand...

No they are fake, there's no EU option in Denmark, the only change there have been in the last 20 some years was that the font was changed in mid 2008 as they got German supplier instead of the Danish company that used to make them.. apperently the new font should be easier for computers to read..FREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​x-type said:



current SLO plates are one of the best looking to me in whole world. this new look as step behind. the main 3 things why SLO plates look great to me are:
-randomized alphanumerical combination (that's really fantastic!)
-province coat of arms shown
-font (current)

Click to expand...

I liked the old plates most (1992-2004). But then we entered EU, so the EU crest had to be added. Strangely enough, we also got some weird font with it. When we got used to the weird font, last year we got the old font back, just the EU crest remained (who's joking around here?), but somehow it now looks ugly with it, and now that I got used to that weird font. Also, notice how ugly-fat SLO is on the new EU plates.take a ride on slovenian highways​Liechtenstein ones are the best no question^^ I preferred the big EU flag version(even though it was ambiguous)^^ That was Luxembourg.take a ride on slovenian highways​:doh:Indian leader vows to remove infrastructure bottlenecks, unleash economic growth 
16 February 2006

NEW DELHI (AP) - India's president on Thursday pledged to remove hurdles constraining economic growth and push ahead with an ambitious plan to develop world class infrastructure in the country. 

Although the Indian economy has been witnessing robust growth of 7 percent in the last three years, business leaders and foreign investors have expressed fears that the country's inadequate ports and airports and severe power shortages could cramp its economic take off. 

"To accelerate economic growth and investment in infrastructure is a necessity. Government is committed to developing world-class infrastructure to make our economy more competitive," President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam said in a speech to Parliament. 

Although India's president has a mostly ceremonial role, his address at the opening of the budget session of parliament is seen as a report card of the government's policies. 

"Confidence in India, in our democracy and in our economy, has never been higher," he told lawmakers. 

Kalam promised the government would push ahead with the modernization of India's airports and ports, and ease conditions to attract long term private sector investment in the country's infrastructure. 

India's spectacular growth of the past few years has been concentrated around its sprawling urban centers and has left untouched the lives of tens of millions of people living in the country's villages and remote hamlets. It has also sparked a debate on the need to ensure that the benefits of economic growth trickle down to poorer sections of Indian society. 

Kalam said the government has set a deadline of 2009 to provide electricity, safe drinking water and telephone access to every village in the country and construct six million new homes in the rural areas.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatFACTBOX-India upgrades its creaking infrastructure 

Feb 7 (Reuters) - India, Asia's third-largest economy, has embarked on a drive to upgrade its creaking infrastructure of ports, roads and airports as it aims at a double-digit GDP growth in the medium term. 

Analysts say a woeful lack of infrastructure inhibits faster movement of goods across the country, thereby increasing costs and delays. 

Various estimates say investment of $150 billion to $200 billion is needed over the longer-term to upgrade Indian infrastructure to levels of other Asian nations. 

These are a few details about various initiatives taken up by the government. 

ROADS 

-- Indian roads carry 85 percent of passenger and 75 percent of freight traffic. Highways, making up just 2 percent of the total road network, carry 40 percent of this traffic. 

-- Some 14,279 km (10,800 miles) of national highways are being converted to 4/6 lanes at an estimated cost of 650 billion rupees ($14.7 billion). These consist mainly of: 

* Construction of a "Golden Quadrilateral" or roads connecting the four major metros -- Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai. Four laning of 5,000 kms, comprising 85.5 percent of the total length, has been completed. The rest is underway. 

* Of the total 7,300 km length of the North-South and East-West corridors, a separate project, more than 800 km has been completed and 3,691 km is being implemented. These corridors are targeted to be completed by December 2008. 

-- The project is being funded through a tax on diesel and petrol sales. 

AIRPORTS 

-- India has 450 airports and airstrips including those managed by the defence services and private companies. 

-- The state-run Airports Authority of India (AAI) manages 125 of them. These include 11 international airports, 77 domestic airports, 9 airports for customs department and 28 civilian enclaves at defence airfields. 

-- Passenger traffic at these airports crossed 50 million in the year to March 2005. Traffic growth is estimated at 12 percent each year between now and 2009. 

-- More than 85 percent of total passenger traffic was handled by 10 airports, which generate 80 percent of AAI's revenue. 

-- Delhi and Mumbai, the two major gateways, account for 49 percent of total passenger traffic and 33 percent of total revenue. 

-- Only 11 airports are profitable. 

-- The Delhi airport handled 10.4 million passengers in the year ended March 2004 and the Mumbai airport saw 13.28 million travellers. 

-- Passengers often face long queues, delayed flights and inadequate service standards during peak hours in most airports. 

-- The government estimates up to 200 billion rupees ($4.5 billion) is needed over the next five years to bring Delhi and Mumbai airports to international standards. 

-- Greenfield airports near Bangalore, the technology capital, and the southern city of Hyderabad are being built on a Build Own Operate and Transfer basis under the public private partnership basis. 

-- Indian carriers have been furiously expanding operations over the past two years, and new airlines have emerged because of booming demand for air travel. Indian companies have placed orders for new planes worth more than $10 billion. 

PORTS 

-- India's 6,000 km natural peninsular coastline, bound by the Arabian Sea, the Indian Ocean and the Bay of Bengal, is dotted with 12 major ports and 185 minor ones. The federal government manages the major ports while state governments run the minor ones. 

-- The major ports handle 75 percent of traffic. About 80 percent to total volume of port traffic was in the form of dry and liquid bulk. General cargo and containers made up the rest. 

-- Container traffic grew 15 percent a year in the five years to 2003/04. 

-- Indian ports' capacity stood at 389.5 million tonnes at the end of 2003/04. Cargo handled by major ports grew 13.6 percent in April-September 2005 to hit 199.8 million tonnes. 

RAILWAYS 

-- Indian railway network, one of the largest in the world, at 63,221 km by the end of 2004. Around a third of the network is electrified. 

-- Revenue-earning freight traffic of the railways rose 10.1 percent to hit 313.5 million tonnes in the first half of the year to March 2006. 

ELECTRICITY 

-- India has one of lowest electricity usage levels in the world with per capita consumption as low as 606 units. 

-- India generated 123,667.821 megawatts of power till Dec. 31, 2005. The country's electricity demand exceeded supply by 8 percent in non-peak hours and suffers a 10 percent shortfall during peak hours. 

-- Of its total 35 states and union territories, only 8 states have achieved 100 percent electric connectivity. 

-- Of its total 593,732 villages, 119,570 are still in darkness. 

-- Of its 138.27 million rural homes, only 60.18 million have a bulb to switch on. 

-- India has embarked upon an ambitious plan to add about 100,000 megawatts of electricity by investing 8 trillion rupees by the year 2012. 

(Reporting by Shailendra Bhatnagar in NEW DELHI and Hiral Vora in MUMBAI) 

($1 = 44.2 rupees)World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatMaking the trains run on time - Face value 
18 February 2006
The Economist

Elattuvalapil Sreedharan has become a hero in India by doing the seemingly impossible 

ALL over India, the ultra-modern jostles jarringly beside the medieval—or, these days, underneath it. At Chawri Bazar, in old Delhi, bicycle-rickshaw riders tout for business, while stray cows lounge around in the middle of the roundabout. They are ready to greet those emerging from the 21st century—the deepest station in Delhi's underground-rail network. The passengers have travelled on fast, punctual trains, and arrived to a spotlessly clean station. The ticket barriers, using tokens and smart cards, are state-of-the-art, and the three-stage escalator glides smoothly up to the surface. 

Indian infrastructure is famously decrepit and is often cited as the single biggest impediment to economic growth. So Delhi is justifiably proud of its metro. Joyriders are common—in fact, the fare system has just been tweaked to deter them. Many other Indian infrastructure projects suffer controversy, scandal, delay and extra cost. An eight-year-old effort to modernise the embarrassingly shoddy airports in Delhi and Mumbai, for example, has this month suffered a nationwide strike by airport workers, and legal challenges to the contracts that have, at long last, been placed. The 17km (10 mile) metro in Kolkata (Calcutta) took 22 years to build and revised its budget upward on 14 occasions. Yet, when phase one of Delhi's three-stage metro project was completed in December, with the opening of a third line, bringing the length of the network to 56km, it was on budget and nearly three years ahead of schedule. 

That it was built at all has brought kudos to Elattuvalapil Sreedharan, managing director of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). That it was built so quickly, works so well and bears comparison to the best in the world has made him a national hero. Opening the new line, India's prime minister, Manmohan Singh, called Mr Sreedharan “a role model for future generations”. The adulation is a mixed blessing for a man who says he wants to retire. Already 73, he has agreed to work for three more years. This will allow him to see phase two—another 53km—well on the way to its deadline, of the summer of 2010, in time for the Commonwealth Games in Delhi. 

Besides the day job, the government has called on his advice for metro projects in Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kochi, Kolkata and Mumbai. He was even dragged into the airport-modernisation mess, as head of a committee appointed to examine the tender process. 

Mr Sreedharan has a disarmingly simple explanation for his success: the ownership structure of DMRC. Half the equity is held by the central government, and half by the Delhi authorities. Instead of doubling the amount of bureaucratic meddling, Mr Sreedharan says this almost eliminates it: there is no government ministry to which every file has to be passed. Decision-making is speeded up further by the board's delegation of authority to him. When he took the job in 1997—seven years after his scheduled retirement—he demanded, and was given, full power to pick his team and a promise of non-interference. 

That shows how much respect he already commanded. An engineer and career officer of state-owned Indian Railways, he had spent much of the 1990s running what was then the world's biggest overground-railway building project. This was the Konkan Railway, along India's south-western coast, which was the first such infrastructure contract in India ever awarded on “build, operate and transfer” principles. 

Mr Sreedharan's experience taught him two lessons that seem obvious enough, but that many other developers of infrastructure in India have yet to learn. The first is to insist on the global best, rather than to favour Indian firms. The metro's consultants are led by a consortium from Japan (whose government has financed two-thirds of the metro's cost through a soft loan); the signalling and fare-collection systems are French, the rolling-stock Korean. 

The second is an emphasis on avoiding the scourge that plagues so many Indian public-sector ventures: corruption. He has tried to purify DMRC's procurement processes by removing almost every element of subjectivity from tender-evaluation. He has also had to show the door to some employees who did not meet his exacting standards. 

Pure at heart 

Western prejudice might expect such a demanding boss to be some kind of tartar. Mr Sreedharan's own management philosophy sounds so glibly aggressive as to be positively American: “lead from the front, not push from the rear”. But he is not prone to table-thumping harangues. In fact, he seems more like a monk than a manager. He puts his continued health and sharpness down to a “very disciplined life”, of yoga, walks, jogging and controlled eating. His only recreation, he says, is “reading spiritual books”, which gives him “mental composure” and makes him “pure at heart”. 

The new line has recently suffered some minor disruption. Earlier this month, part of it had to be shut for 90 minutes when a bird dropped a wet twig on some part of the wiring. There has been occasional trouble with points and the signalling, causing a few services to be cancelled, and some worries about crowd management and the risk of stampedes. Mr Sreedharan explains that the metro could not be “rude” to its customers by closing stations. Such courtesy is a rarity. 

Mr Sreedharan denies that the zest for beating deadlines was a factor in any of the new line's “teething troubles”; nor has his reputation suffered. If he is criticised, it is for becoming indispensable, a charge he also denies, claiming there is a “good line of successors”. He is right that the principles he has followed should not need him to enforce them. Mr Sreedharan may be the exception, but his practices could be the rule.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIndian Railways Unveils Biggest Track Expansion Plan in Decade 

Feb. 24 (Bloomberg) -- Indian Railways unveiled its biggest spending plan in a decade to build new tracks as faster economic growth stokes demand for transporting goods from oil to cement. 

Asia's oldest rail network plans to spend 220 billion rupees ($5 billion) to build 10,000 kilometers (6,215 miles) of dedicated freight lines by 2010, Railways Minister Lalu Prasad said in his budget speech to parliament in New Delhi today. 

The expansion would allow companies including refiner Indian Oil Corp. and iron ore exporter Sesa Goa Ltd. to move goods to consumers and sea ports across the world's seventh-biggest landmass faster and cheaper. The government is removing infrastructure bottlenecks to accelerate the pace of economic growth to as much as 10 percent over the next decade from an average 6 percent since 1980. 

``This will be of great help for building India's infrastructure,'' said Viswanathan Vasudevan, who helps manage about $180 million of Indian equities at Aquarius Investment Advisors Pte. in Singapore. ``Speedy implementation is essential because economic growth is saturating the existing network.'' 

India's economy will probably grow as much as 8.1 percent in the year ending March 31, following a 7.5 percent expansion a year earlier, the country's statistics bureau forecast Feb. 7. 

Prasad outlined his spending plans four days before Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram's federal budget, in which analysts expect increased spending on roads and ports. 

Indian Railways is the world's biggest commercial or utility employer with about 1.5 million on its payroll. It has presented its own budget since 1925, after British colonial rulers separated its finances from the federal government's in 1924. 


Freight Estimate 

Prasad today increased the estimate freight to be carried in the year ending March 31 to 668 million tons from 635 million tons projected a year ago. Railways aims to carry 726 million tons in the year starting April 1, he said. 

``Indian Railways are scaling historic highs in freight and passenger business,'' Prasad said today. ``We will not allow resource constraints to hamper expansion of rail network.'' 

The railway budget seeks to accelerate the pace of freight transport growth without increasing fares and tariffs, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said after the budget. 

Prasad said Indian Railways has 110 billion rupees of surplus cash and promised to generate more funds for expansion. The network plans to borrow 41.7 billion rupees in the year beginning April 1, he said. 

The minister cut freight rates for gasoline and diesel by 8 percent and said the cost of transporting most commodities will remain unchanged for the fifth straight year. Earnings from moving goods constitute about 66 percent of the railways' revenue. 


Passenger Fares 

Prasad cut some passenger fares for travel by air- conditioned coaches to lure passengers drawn by low-cost airlines. 

Total revenue, including income from freight carrying passengers, for the year ending March 31 is estimated to increase 16 percent to 546 billion rupees, Prasad said. He projected revenue of 600 billion rupees for the year starting April 1. 

``India's economic expansion is helping Railways improve its freight earnings,'' said D. H. Pai Panandiker, director general at RPG Foundation, an economic policy group in New Delhi. ``That will partly solve the finances of the expansion project.'' 

India was the first in Asia to get a passenger railway when British rulers opened a 21-mile track from Mumbai to Thane on April 16, 1853. The network now covers 63,000 kilometers and is the world's second largest under one management after the U.S. It runs 11,000 trains every day, 7,000 of which carry passengers. 


Network Expansion 

India's rail network expanded by 633 route kilometers between 1990 and 2004, while China added 16,608 route kilometers in the same period, according to Morgan Stanley economists Chetan Ahya and Mihir Sheth. 

China plans to invest 1.25 trillion yuan ($155 billion) in railways measuring 17,000 kilometers in length from 2006 to 2010, state-run Xinhua news agency said on Jan. 6. That will bring the country's total length of lines to 90,000 kilometers, it said. 

Indian Railways' proposed freight corridor will link the capital New Delhi with Mumbai and ports in the west, and with the eastern port city of Kolkata, formerly known as Calcutta. It will be built in two phases, Prasad said. 

``The government is trying to remove bottlenecks,'' said A.K. Rai, a director at Sesa Goa, India's biggest non-state-run iron ore exporter. The expansion will link ``industrial areas.'' 

Prasad's spending plan is the biggest on the monopoly network since the 35 billion rupee Konkan Railway Corp.'s 760- kilometer line in western India was built in 1997. 

Tracks connecting the India's biggest cities are ``saturated in most sections'' and some ``are unfit to carry freight trains at higher speeds,'' according to a May 2002 government report. 


`Welcome Move'  

Starting dedicated freight lines may benefiting companies including Sesa Goa and Indian Oil, the nation's largest refiner. 

``This will be a welcome move,'' said N. Srikumar, spokesman for Indian Oil Corp., the nation's largest refiner. ``Existing lines are used to carry both passenger and freight. So, invariably freight movement gets delayed because trains carrying passengers get priority.'' 

The government on Jan. 5 allowed non-state companies to run container trains. Of the 14 companies that have applied to such trains, Pipavav Rail Corp. has already been granted a license, Railways said in a Feb. 16 statement. 

Railways' share of the country's freight traffic has halved to 30 percent over the past five decades as the government expanded roads and oil companies built their own pipelines and coastal shipping improved. The government is close to completing a $14 billion road program, adding 14,100 kilometers of highways. 

An expanded rail network ``would reduce the reliance on roads,'' Jayesh Doshi, vice president of treasury at Gujarat Ambuja Cements Ltd., India' fourth-biggest cement maker. It transports 15 to 20 percent of its total cement volumes by rail. 

http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000080&sid=a1nC8Jhd0VQk&refer=asiaIndia wants more ADB cash for creaky infrastructure 

NEW DELHI, April 24 (Reuters) - India will seek greater funding from the Asian Development Bank to improve its creaking roads, power networks and railways, Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram said on Monday. 

International agencies say India needs to shore up its infrastructure in order to lift economic growth to 10 per cent, from the present 8 percent. 

"We must enhance our capacity to present large-scale viable projects (to ADB) and utilise funding more efficiently," Chidambaram told a news conference, ahead of the 39th annual meeting of the bank to be held in Hyderabad in May. 

The finance ministry has requested other government departments to step up spending on and loan disbursement to ADB-funded projects to 20 percent from 16 percent annually. 

India proposes to increase the overall size of its borrowing from the Manila-based bank from $2.25 billion in 2006 to $2.45 billion in 2007, and $2.65 billion in 2008, the minister said. 

Chidambaram said the government will also request both the World Bank and the ADB to lend $1 billion to revive ailing cooperative credit societies. 

India is a founder-member of the ADB and its fourth-largest shareholder, after the U.S, Japan and China. It has a 6.38 percent share of the bank's subscribed capital, and has obtained about $14 billion in loans.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIm glad that India is modernizing. What a great country, it deserves the best in the world.
; )My New York by KrzychoIndia picks up infrastructure pace, more needed - analysts 
By Surojit Gupta 

NEW DELHI, Nov 13 (Reuters) - India's multi-billion dollar drive to upgrade its neglected infrastructure is gathering momentum, but analysts say it needs to clarify some policies to smooth the way for greater private funding. 

The need to provide world class infrastructure that keeps pace with 8 percent economic growth is clear. City roads are choked with traffic, power cuts are a fact of life and passengers are routinely delayed as booming air travel tests airport capacity. 

Analysts say the infrastructure sector as a whole needs to grow 8 percent a year, instead of 5 percent at the moment, to meet the government's vision of even higher growth, more jobs and better basic living conditions for 260 million poor. 

"The government knows that it has to move fast to improve the sector, but clarity of policies on pricing of infrastructure goods and services will help in boosting investments," said T.K. Bhaumik, chief economist with Reliance Industries Ltd. 

New Delhi is mapping out $350 billion worth of road, rail, port and power projects for the next six to seven years. 

In the past month, it has identified 276 port projects worth $12.40 billion for implementation by 2012, and expects about $7.67 billion to come from the private sector. 

It also wants investment of $48.5 billion by 2012 to upgrade highways and has unveiled a 220 billion rupee ($4.9 billion) plan to build a dedicated rail freight corridor to cut freight costs. 

Montek Singh Ahluwalia, economic adviser to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, said last month that India needed $80 billion in private investment in infrastructure projects over the next five years. 

PAST SHOULD BACK THE FUTURE 

The government has had some success in the past 10 years in luring private funds into telecoms and ports, and Bhaumik said raising private money this time should not be hard. 

"Once the public-private partnership is successful and shown to be working, money is not a problem," Bhaumik said. 

"Then there are multilateral agencies. The capital market is buoyant, so frankly speaking funding is not a problem. The government has enough funds and there is high liquidity in the system which can be used for building infrastructure." 

Others say however that private players, particularly foreigners, have been slow to invest in power and road projects in the absence of proper user charges. 

"There is plenty to do for the domestic private sector, but contractual agreements need to be more investor friendly to attract attention of foreign investors," said Sitesh Mukherjee, a legal consultant for infrastructure projects. 

India has a 1.74 trillion rupee programme to improve rural infrastructure over the next four years, and is awarding licences for special economic zones for export-oriented industries where tax breaks are on offer to lure investment and boost exports. 

One area where private firms are operating is at Mumbai and New Delhi airports. The government stood its ground in a clash with unions last December to ram their privatisation through. 

"Opportunities exist across sectors. Power, water, sanitation, energy, roads and highways. It's now worth $350 billion," said Vinayak Chatterjee, chairman of Feedback Ventures. 

GEARING UP 

Domestic construction and engineering firms are now tooling up as the government steps up spending. Analysts say firms in both sectors are operating at 85-90 percent capacity and planning expansion. 

In construction, many companies have an order book which is at least three to four times their current annual revenue. 

"We are extremely positive on construction and engineering services companies because the infrastructure story is here to stay for the medium to long term," said Ambareesh Baliga, Vice President at Karvy Stock Broking. 

Reliance Industries' Bhaumik says he sees a huge opportunity for investors. 

"I think beginning next year the infrastructure sector should witness strong momentum," Bhaumik said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIndia needs $320 bln for infrastructure over 5 years 

NEW DELHI, Dec 20 (Reuters) - Indian Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram said on Wednesday the government needs $320 billion investment in the next five years to improve its infrastructure to match demands of a growing economy.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Wat^^ Highly unlikely, in terms of receiving such a staggering amount. However, the figure probably is true, if India wants to compare with countries such as China.Lebanon
Roma | Firenze | Pisa | Vatican City
New York City | Quebec City 
Jerusalem | Amman
Havana
​FYI $1 mill ~5 cr



_BPS_ said:



^^ Highly unlikely, in terms of receiving such a staggering amount. However, the figure probably is true, if India wants to compare with countries such as China.

Click to expand...


Raising 320 bill in 5years should be challenging but not impossible.The finance ministry is setting up a panel to work it out and is trying to mobilize 170 billion dollars of forex reserves.

Panel on funding infrastructure 
http://www.hindu.com/2006/12/21/stories/2006122109871700.htm



"Mr. Parekh has agreed to head the committee. I urge the committee to get on to the job and submit a quick report in six weeks in the run-up to the budget,'' Mr. Chidambaram said, while addressing a workshop on infrastructure organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) here. 

The Parekh committee, he said, would look into the long-term financing needs, both equity and debt, as also the legislative changes that would be required for funding projects in the various infrastructure sectors. 

Alongside, the Finance Minister, at long last, has agreed to look into the Planning Commission's suggestion on utilising the burgeoning foreign exchange reserves for funding infrastructure projects. The country's forex reserves now stand at about $170 billion. "I have asked the Finance Secretary to prepare a note on how to use foreign exchange reserves for funding infrastructure projects,'' Mr. Chidambaram said.

Click to expand...

But before all that the financial institutions seem to be gearing up to fund various projects! Things would be more clear after the next budget in feb and we could hear many more proposals.

IDBI-LIC alliance to spend Rs 50,000 cr on core sector 
http://www.financialexpress.com/fe_full_story.php?content_id=149575



The newly formed strategic alliance between IDBI Ltd and Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) is planning to fund Rs 50,000 crore of infrastructure financing through joint and take-out financing for long gestation projects. 

As per the memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed on Thursday, the projects would be jointly financed with repayment of a major part of IDBI’s exposure being front-ended, while those of LIC would be back-ended.

Click to expand...


Citi in talks for $5bn core sector fund
http://www.telegraphindia.com/1061226/asp/business/story_7184500.asp



Global financial services firm Citigroup is in talks with the government to start a $5-billion debt and equity infrastructure fund in partnership with IDFC.

Another US-based private equity firm, Blackstone, has also proposed a fund for infrastructure in India, the size of which is not known.

Citigroup has proposed a total fund of $5 billion, of which $2 billion is intended to be equity and $3 billion for debt, finance ministry joint secretary (infrastructure) Arvind Maya Ram said.

Click to expand...$350 bn at core of India`s growth




When smart money (read private equity) heads for a country or a sector, you can be reasonably sure that the returns are in the high-two-digit bracket. 

This money is currently making inroads into India and what has always been seen as a low-to-negative returns sector — infrastructure. 

“Private equity funds would not have touched infrastructure two years back. Today, they are queuing up to give money,” says Jayesh Desai, national director at Ernst & Young, as he rattles out some recent investments made by these funds — JP Morgan in L&T and Och-Ziss in Gammon. 

Citigroup is reportedly mulling a $5-billion infrastructure fund, as is private equity firm Blackstone. 

These would be small investments in the overall requirement of $350 billion for infrastructure, a figure arrived at by the Planning Commission after taking into account the demands of a growing economy, and the plan for higher spend on infrastructure — from 4.7 per cent of GDP to 8 per cent. 

Sourcing the $350 bn
Private sector investments are nevertheless expected to provide about $75 billion of the $350 billion required over the next five years, according to Vinayak Chatterjee of consulting firm Feedback Ventures. 

That is a huge order, and if even a tenth of that sum comes from overseas, it will double the FDI inflow into India ($7.7 billion this year). 

The bulk of the overall burden — $200 billion — is likely to be shouldered by the government and its agencies on a stand-alone basis or through the public-private partnership (PPP) route, while the balance will be managed through Overseas Development Assistance (ODA), according to Feedback Ventures. 

Shortage of “cooked” projects
The problem is not of funds but rather of “cooked” projects which are ready to take in investment, says Chatterjee, who also heads CII’s Infrastructure Committee. 

A good example of cooked, ready-to-invest projects are the two ultra mega power projects that —with an investment of Rs 16,000-20,000 crore each — attracted an eye-popping 16 bids when even the most optimistic estimates were below 10. 

The response has been equally enthusiastic in other sectors where sensible projects have been put together to garner investment, whether it is ports or airports. 

The amazing infrastructure story in India today is not of a paucity of bidders, or of capital, but of bankable projects.  

More large-scale projects are required not only in the power sector that, at $120 billion, would account for the largest chunk of infrastructure spend over the next five years, but also in all other sectors. 

The $50-billion National Highways Development Programme, for example, does not have a single “one billion dollar project,” according to PwC’s executive director Amrit Pandurangi. 

The country needs to look at bigger, multi-billion dollar projects to attract the large domestic and international players, and also address two other critical gaps — the lack of regulators in some sectors and the absence of political will to levy user charges.  

“The roads sector has the potential to absorb a lot more investment. In fact, an efficient port-to-rail-to-road chain could have a major impact on growth,” says KPMG’s executive director Arvind Mahajan. 

Seeking Financial Reforms
There is also a need to “broaden and deepen the domestic and international investor base for debt and equity funds for infrastructure,” says Vikram Limaye of IDFC, one of the two institutions that provide long-term funding for infrastructure, the other being the year-old Indian Infrastructure Finance Company. 

The pipe of funds flowing into the infrastructure sector could be seriously broadened through pension and insurance reforms, deepening of the debt market and availability of long-dated paper. 

It seems the stage is being set for “appropriate” financial reforms, with the government asking IDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh to do a “quick report” on long-term financing for infrastructure. 

However, if the country continues with the “business as usual” refrain, investing just over 4 per cent of GDP in infrastructure instead of the target 8 per cent, the investment would be limited to $220 billion, according to Montek Singh Ahluwalia, deputy chairman of the Planning Commission. 

If talk does not translate into action, “infrastructure investment will not touch even half of that required,” says Pwc’s Pandurangi. 

If the country manages to swing it right though, there are optimists like KPMG’s Mahajan who see investment even exceeding $350 billion over the next five years. From time and cost over-runs to an investment over-run — that is what India truly needs!

Click to expand...

Like they say, where theres a will, theres way. The people of India are raring to go, what we have to see is if our politicians feel the same way._BPS_ said:



^^ Highly unlikely, in terms of receiving such a staggering amount. However, the figure probably is true, if India wants to compare with countries such as China.

Click to expand...

Er.. I don't think Indian FM meant outside money like FDI.Water use, infrastructure key to Indian farm growth 

NEW DELHI, Feb 27 (Reuters) - An overhaul of Indian farm policy is needed to reinvigorate a sector that two-thirds of the billion-plus population depend on but which is growing at less than one third of the pace of overall economy, analysts say. 

Funds need to be used to improve irrigation and other shared infrastructure, rather than the current emphasis on easy credit for farmers, analysts said. 

Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has called for stronger growth in the farm sector, raising the prospects for Wednesday's government budget to address some of the concerns. 

"There has to be a long-term vision. Just by giving more and more credit to farmers won't help as we have hardly seen an increase in productivity by doing so," said D.H. Pai Panandikar, economist with the RPG Foundation, a private think tank. 

The government expects economic growth of 9.2 percent in the 2006/07 year to end-March, the fastest in 18 years, but the farm sector is likely to lag with growth of 2.7 percent. 

Moreover, economists say the average annual farm growth this decade has fallen to 2.3 percent, from 3.1 percent in the 1990s. 

The government is aware of the problem. 

"With more than half the population directly depending on this sector, low agricultural growth has serious implications for the 'inclusiveness' of growth," India's annual economic survey said on Tuesday. 

It added that supply shortfalls due to poor productivity made price stability difficult. 

Last year a poor wheat crop led to 5.5 million tonnes of expensive grain imports, the first in six years, pushing up food prices and adding to inflationary pressures. 

Limited overseas availability of pulses, a diet staple for Indians, also meant domestic productivity would have to be increased to soothe price volatility, the ministry of finance survey said. 

"Finding immediate answers to inflation induced by commodity-specific supply shortfalls is difficult. A durable solution to such inflation problem has to be found in increasing yields and domestic output," it added. 

Irrigation and better land management were cited as priorities to lift the farm sector. 

"Food productivity is not rising because of lack of irrigation facilities," said D.K. Joshi, principal economist at CRISIL. "Giving more fertilisers alone will not do the job." 

Only about 40 percent of the country's lands are irrigated, leaving farmers vulnerable to the weather. 

"We have to also trap the rainwater flowing into oceans and make them into lakes and tanks. One really does not see too much progress in this area," Panandikar said. 

CONSOLIDATION 

A step that would lift output but may be politically unpalatable would be to encourage consolidation of farming land in a country where most blocks are around 1 to 1.5 acres. 

"Unless you have land holdings of 100 to 200 acres, it becomes a barrier to introducing new technologies," Panandikar said. 

"Tax and monetary incentives should be given by the government to encourage farmers to pool their lands." 

But since farmers are a major voting block in elections, changing the smallholding landscape may be difficult. 

Sharad Joshi, a farm leader and member of parliament's upper house, said the government should help with schemes to create larger land parcels that would boost farmers incomes rather than just have corporates take control. 

Thousands of debt-ridden farmers have killed themselves over the last four to five years, when bad weather destroyed crops and left them with little income to repay loans. 

"The urgent need for taking agriculture to a higher growth trajectory of 4 percent annual growth can be met only with improvement in the scale as well as quality of agricultural reforms undertaken by various states," Tuesday's survey said. 

Devinder Sharma, an independent agriculture analyst, said the government needed to provide a fixed income to farmers together with insurance for their crops to make them feel secure. 

The farm sector could get a boost as Bharti group, Reliance Industries and others move into food retailing, especially as it might entail better supply chain management that would cut down food spoilage, estimated at around 40 percent by some. 

CRISIL economist Joshi said investments needed to be made in research for long-term growth. 

"The growth situation won't be corrected in a day, but it is better late than never."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIndia faces hurdles in winning chip factory investments 
Mon Apr 9, 9:53 AM ET
InfoWorld

A decision by Intel to build a $2.5 billion chip factory in China represents a key loss for India, which won't likely see any chip factory projects from major companies this year due to its poor infrastructure, a Gartner analyst said in a report Sunday.

India had offered to finance up to a quarter of the cost of the project for Intel, but still lost the deal, said Ganesh, an analyst for Gartner.

"Intel's decision to move to China was driven mainly by China's superior infrastructure facilities, compared with those in India, and Intel's need to be closer to its customers in China and Japan, even though China's supply of semiconductor talent is considered to be weaker than India's," said Ramamoorthy, in the report.

With the world's second largest population, India is battling to gain a foothold in manufacturing, which China dominates. In the semiconductor business, factory investments represent multi-billion dollar projects and thousands of technical jobs. Although there is no shortage of labor talent in the nation, chip production has not caught on as investors remain focused on the Pacific Rim.

The main investments in new chip production lines last year were in Japan, the U.S., Taiwan, and South Korea, according to figures published by Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International, an industry trade group. Spending in China grew faster than any other area, up 74 percent to $2.3 billion, but the overall figure is still dwarfed by Japan, at $9.2 billion, and the other three leaders, which each saw over $7 billion in spending.

India, which is best known for its research and development prowess and focus on outsourced services, has been trying to attract chip factory investments to build up its manufacturing talent. Last month, the government passed a series of investment incentives aimed at attracting new chip factories, which would reportedly finance up to 35 percent of an entire project, a huge sum of money.

The country is also growing as a market for electronics devices, an argument China has used to attract investments. The number of mobile phone users in India has grown at a steady pace of over 6 million new subscribers in each of the past several months, a figure rivaled only by China. India also boasts universities which produce about 133,000 new engineers each year, according to a study published by the India Semiconductor Association and Ernst & Young.

Plentiful engineering talent has helped the country emerge as a place for chip R&D investment, but it hasn't helped India gain any chip factory investments.

The country's infrastructure and logistics outweigh all other issues, Gartner said. The new investments in China and projects such as an Intel initiative to invest $45 million to establish a semiconductor training site at a local university near its Dalian factory site will help China narrow its engineering gap with India, Ramamoorthy said. The Indian government needs to take more proactive measures on its infrastructure if it hopes to win chip factory projects over the next few years.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatPress Trust of India
Hyderabad, May 05, 2006
First Published: 00:00 IST(13/1/2007)
Last Updated: 12:03 IST(5/5/2006)
$150 bn needed for infrastructure: PM

Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Friday that over $150 billion investment is needed in the next few years for development of India's infrastructure.

Speaking at the 39th Annual Meeting of the Board of Governors of Asian Development Bank (ADB), he said, "India's infrastructure need in next few years is estimated at over $150 billion."

ADB, which till now has funded public transport, power and urban infrastructure projects in India, is now looking at investments in new areas including restoration of water bodies, tourism infrastructure and agriculture.

India's investment rate, he said, was 31 per cent of the GDP. This along with foreign investment flow was expected to further increase in future.

He said India had signed agreements with SAARC, Singapore and Thailand and it was working with China, Japan and South Korea for similar agreements.

Singh also said the economic cooperation may herald new FTAs in all over Asia that could even extend to Australia and New Zealand.

He, however, said the Asian crisis of 1997, which had severly dented global confidence towards globalisation, was something from which lessons could be learnt.

"With the benefit of hindsight, there's a view that funding must come from international financial institutions before the foreign exchange reserves dry up," he said.

Referring to the vast disparity in world economies, Singh said in 2005, USA had a current account deficit of $805 billion or 6.4 per cent of the GDP. At the same time, Japan had a current account surplus of $163.9 billion, China, $158.6 billion and the Middle-East region had a surplus of $196 billion.

While mismatch in current account deficit were expected in large global economies, large disparities raised concern, he said.

"Global imblance cannot be sustained forever," Singh added.

A coordinated effort by the deficit and surplus countries was needed to prevent a sudden downturn, he said.

Stating that East and South East Asia had become an engine of global growth, he said Asia would consume more food and energy and would demand better infrastructure and services.

"We must therefore find ways of better use of our skills, collective savings and surplus in the region," Singh said.

Chinese economy, the Prime Minister said, had performed exceedingly well and the world had lots to learn from the its growth pattern.

He warned against the threat of terrorism derailing economic progress.

On the surging international oil prices, Singh said international lending agencies need to pool in their collective wisdom to devise credible ways to tackle volatilities in prices.

Challenge before Asians is to create hike economic growth on a sustainable basis. "Our government is committed to ensure that growth is all pervasive and reaches all sections of society... We are committed to reducing the gap between rural and urban income that may create imbalances in the society. And this must be done through participatory policies".

"If growth is equitable, we could have open democratic societies," he added.
http://www.hindustantimes.com/StoryPage/Print.aspx?Id=0f54df8a-e048-4248-98b0-42e5912c87c6World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatANALYSIS-Indian infrastructure requires funding, patience 
By Tony Munroe and Himangshu Watts 

MUMBAI, March 13 (Reuters) - Opportunities to invest in India's creaky infrastructure are on the rise, with $350 billion worth of projects in the pipeline, but red tape and ingrained political mistrust of privatisation mean progress is slow. 

Several Indian engineering and construction firms plan capital-raisings this year. On the project level, wider acceptance of public-private partnerships will drive institutional and corporate infrastructure investment. 

"Up until now, the supply of high quality infrastructure projects has been constrained by government antipathy towards privatisation," said Frank Hancock of ABN AMRO, which advised the government on projects to upgrade airports in Delhi and Mumbai. 

Those public-private partnerships attracted investment from domestic and overseas firms -- as well as strikes and court challenges from opponents. Similar projects are planned for airports in Chennai, Kolkata and elsewhere. 

"This model for public-private partnership, Indian-style, can be applied to other infrastructure sectors as well, such as roads, ports, power, and ultimately water and other basic services," said Hancock, who is ABN AMRO's head of M&A and equity capital markets for India. 

Besides India's notorious red tape, insufficient long-term funding in a country with underdeveloped bond, pension and insurance markets limits private sector investment in big-ticket projects with decades-long lifespans. 

The need for investment is clear. India's 9 percent economic growth is threatened by clogged roads, rails and ports, frequent blackouts and inadequate water supply. 

A cargo ship in India takes an average of three-and-a-half days to turn around, compared with 10 hours in Hong Kong's privately run ports. Investment in electricity, meanwhile, is unattractive when nearly 40 percent of output is lost or stolen. 

But outright privatisation is difficult under India's communist-backed coalition government, and the history of private sector infrastructure investment is patchy. 

GHOST OF ENRON 

Private investment in infrastructure began spectacularly in the early 1990s, when Enron Corp. announced plans to build a $2.9 billion power plant soon after India shed socialist policies and adopted liberal reforms. 

But what had been a showcase of India's ability to lure foreign capital collapsed in 2001, when the plant was shut after a billing dispute with a state utility, its sole buyer of power. 

Enron's Dabhol plant was acquired and revived last year by Ratnagiri Gas and Power Pvt. Ltd., owned by gas transmission firm GAIL (India) Ltd. and NTPC Ltd., but its legacy continues to haunt potential investors. 

"It is important that projects are presented in a viable, ring-fenced fashion that provides the sort of returns that investors in infrastructure would like to see, and I think if you look carefully there are some very attractive projects around," said Dominic Price, JPMorgan's senior country officer. 

FUNDS FORMING 

The easiest access to the Indian infrastructure story is through listed construction companies, although stocks in the sector were hammered late last month when the 2007/08 budget proposed withdrawing tax breaks on construction projects. 

Nonetheless, a handful of such firms, including Hindustan Construction, IVRCL Infrastructures, Nagarjuna Construction and Gammon India Ltd. were considering equity-raisings this year, a market source said. 

In a sign of growing interest in funding projects, Citigroup , private equity firm Blackstone Group, India's Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd. (IDFC) and India Infrastructure Finance Co. unveiled plans last month to raise $5 billion for infrastructure projects. 

IDFC, Citigroup and Blackstone will invest a combined $250 million, with the remainder to be raised from global and domestic institutional investors. About $2 billion will be equity funding and the remainder will be long-term debt. 

"We need project-level equity, and the Indian Infrastructure Financing Initiative addresses this," said Sanjay Nayar, Citigroup's chief executive for India, who figures that of the government's $350 billion worth of planned infrastructure projects, $75-$100 billion can be funded by the private sector. 

Optimists point to the success of India's cellphone industry. Where a decade ago it could take years to get a phone line, India's privatised mobile sector is now the world's fastest-growing, with some of its cheapest call rates. 

The industry is also profitable. 

"If telecom has happened, why can't airports, ports, roads and power do the same? The unfortunate part is that there is so much to be done ... it is taking time," said Mihir Doshi, managing director and India country head at Credit Suisse. (Additional reporting by M.C. Govardhana Rangan)World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Watpatience is a nice, rarely used word when describing India's pace of development. 

In the last few years, a lot has picked up though. What India needs most is clear and concise rules and regulations. More than anything, modern regulations will ensure a speedier completion of important projects than pumping in more money.Yea. India could do more with its infrastructure.
I was in Mumbai last yr.
The roads can hardly cope with the traffic :nuts: 
And more rules and regulations and enforcement should be in place.kurakura said:



Yea. India could do more with its infrastructure.
I was in Mumbai last yr.
The roads can hardly cope with the traffic :nuts: 
And more rules and regulations and enforcement should be in place.

Click to expand...

Mumbai needs a mass transit system. The buses are very old and a metro system would be nice to start.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatHCC to increase focus on infrastructure projects 

MUMBAI, April 27 (Reuters) - Hindustan Construction Co. Ltd. plans to increase its focus on infrastructure projects, with several large road and airport construction projects expected to come up in the next few years, a top official said on Friday.

The Mumbai-based firm, which currently operates a single toll-road project in south India, plans to bid for a number of build-operate-transfer (BOT) projects and will consolidate these under a wholly-owned subsidiary that it hopes to set up this year.

"We are pre-qualified to bid for highway projects worth 50 billion rupees and will submit bids either individually or in joint venture," Chairman and Managing Director Ajit Gulabchand told reporters.

"We also see large opportunities coming up in the airport construction and hydel power segments," he said. "We will tie up with foreign partners, if necessary."

Earlier on Friday, the company reported a 16 percent fall in January-March net profit to 367.3 million rupees, which it attributed to higher tax outflow due to withdrawal of tax breaks for construction companies.

"There is no impact on cash flows as we had earmarked reserves for this purpose, in anticipation of the issue coming up," Gulabchand said. 

The company reported a 8 percent rise in quarterly net sales to 8.27 billion rupees, which it hopes to improve in the new financial year.

The company held orders worth 93.12 billion rupees at the end of March and in addition was shortlisted as the lowest bidder for projects worth 24.74 billion rupees.

Shares in the company, which fell on the lower results, were down 6.4 percent at 98.35 rupees, in a weak Mumbai market.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatRace to turn pond scum and other algae into affordable fuel heats up with new money, research 
1 November 2008

SEATTLE (AP) - Turning pea-green pond scum into cheap fuel for automobiles and airplanes is still years away, but supporters are still betting heavily with infusions of venture capital money and intensive research.

About $180 million in venture capital money has been raised for algae research, with more than half coming in the third quarter of this year, according to Cleantech, an industry research group.

Some academic institutes have set up dedicated algae research centers, and a handful of start-ups are planning to test algae on a larger demonstration projects in coming months.

"I'm convinced algae will work, but it'll take a different, out-of-the-box approach," said Silicon Valley billionaire Vinod Khosla, delivering the keynote address at the Algae Biomass Summit in Seattle last month.

The potential for algae to compete with fossil fuels is there, but it will take scientic breakthroughs to bring down costs and solve climate change, said Khosla, co-founder of Sun Microsystems whose Khosla Ventures has invested in renewable energy though not algae.

That hasn't tempered interest in the field.

The federal government is starting to throw money into it. The Department of Energy has invested $2.3 million in algae-to-fuel grants so far this year. It invested $2.2 million in algae research in 2006 and 2007, though it wasn't specific to fuel production.

And the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the research arm of the Defense Department, is launching a new program to study algal feedstock material, said Jan Walker, an agency spokesman.

About two dozen startups and researchers are developing ways to maximize growth and reduce costs -- including growing it in the dark, increasing the amount of sunlight that reaches the organisms and experimenting with oil-rich strains.

Algae offer the promise of a non-food feedstock with extremely high yields per acre. But how to grow it cheaply on a large scale is one of the biggest challenges facing the industry.

"We can grow algae. It's been demonstrated," said Al Darzins, a manager at the National Bioenergy Center at the National Renewable Energy Lab in Golden, Colo.

But it costs anywhere from $10 to $100 a gallon now, and "obviously that's not cost-effective," he said.

The Colorado lab led a $25 million study of algae from 1978 to 1996, before money dried up and government research shifted to ethanol. The lab is now working with Chevron Corp. on a five-year project to research transportation fuels from algae.

But "people are starting to make the move from small little ponds to thinking about acres," Darzins said. "It's starting to scale up."

Sapphire Energy in San Diego is planning to build a demonstration station in Las Cruces, N.M. The startup has raised more than $100 million from investors, including Bill Gates's Cascade Investments LLC firm and ARCH Venture Partners.

Solazyme, in South San Francisco, said it produced thousands of gallons of fuel from algae that was tested to meet strict ASTM international standards for jet fuel.

"We are far beyond proof of concept," said Harrison Dillon, co-founder of Solazyme, which grows algae in the dark by feeding it biomass such as woodchips. "The test at hand is to bring the manufacturing cost down."

Dillon said the company is about 24 to 36 months away from hitting its target manufacturing cost of $2 to $3 a gallon, or $40 to $80 a barrel.

In Virginia, Old Dominion University has teamed up with a contractor to grow algae in a one-acre farm.

And GreenFuel Technologies in Cambridge, Mass. announced plans last month to build greenhouses in Spain to produce 25,000 tons of algae biomass a year with partner Aurantia SA.

In the Seattle area, startup Bionavitas is testing a process to bring light deeper below the surface, solving the problem of algae shading out growth below the initial top layer.

"If this can be done, the payoff will be large," said Bionavitas's chief executive officer Michael Weaver.

PetroAlgae, based in Melbourne, Fla., plans to complete a 20-acre demonstration farm early next year, said Fred Tennant, the company's executive vice president of business development.

The company was acquired in August by PetroTech Holdings Corp., a joint venture of a group of investors managed by New York based Valens Capital Management.

"The cost has to be low, the product has to be valuable," Tennant said. "Nobody needs another feedstock that is not economically sustainable."

------

On the Web: Algae Biomass Organization: http://www.algalbiomass.org
National Renewable Energy Laboratory: http://www.nrel.govWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatProduction, infrastructure, usage grow worldwide

Throughout the world, biodiesel projects and policies are simultaneously being crafted. Biodiesel Magazine recently discovered such activities underway in China, Ireland, Wales, Scotland, Brazil and Argentina.

Gushan Environmental Energy Ltd., a biodiesel plant in Beijing, resumed operations Sept. 22 after travel regulations during the 2008 Summer Olympic Games forced it to halt production Aug. 1. Traffic control measures restricted the ability of the plant’s suppliers to deliver raw materials. The company estimates it lost 3 million gallons in production during the Games.

Meanwhile, the Republic of China has granted 110 acres near an industrial site in Wahan, China, to BioCentric Energy Algae LLC. The company aims to build an algae farm that captures carbon dioxide to grow 80 tons of algae per day for biodiesel production. The algae would contain 47 percent oil, according to Dennis Fisher, president and chief executive officer of BioCentric.

In other algae developments, Alternative Energy Resources Ltd. in Dublin, Ireland, and a team of researchers at the National University of Ireland in Galway have successfully produced biodiesel from local species of algae, according to John Travers, chief executive for Alternative Energy Resources. The project reached the milestone after 18 months of work. 

http://www.biodieselmagazine.com/article.jsp?article_id=2951Jonathan and Charlotte - Britain's Got Talent 2012 Live Semi Final 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eEc2WxCUcY

It's China's world, we just live in it.Company pushing catfish ponds as biofuel farms 
24 November 2008

GREENVILLE, Miss. (AP) - With the catfish industry in turmoil and fuel prices in flux, an Arizona-based energy company has a plan for Mississippi's catfish farmers: transform their ponds into biofuel farms.

At a recent Mississippi Biomass Council meeting, PetroSun BioFuels unveiled a proposal to convert Mississippi's catfish ponds into algae farms. The algae, which have a high oil content, would be converted to biodiesel, ethanol, animal feed and other products.

By providing a potentially profitable use for Mississippi's 80,000 acres of catfish ponds, PetroSun's plan has generated interest from members of the state's aquaculture industry.

"This is definitely something that catfish farmers are interested in looking at as an alternative source of revenue for their farms," said Andy Whittington, president of the Mississippi Biomass Council.

Questions remain about the algae-to-biofuels technology, which is much newer than corn- and soybean- based biofuel. And with crude oil prices dropping after this summer's historic highs, the market for biofuels has weakened, threatening the profitability of the fledgling algae farming industry.

After peak profits in the 1990s, Mississippi's catfish farmers have fallen on hard times, due to the triple threat of high grain prices, high fuel costs, and competition from foreign-raised fish.

The market is so bad that Keith King -- president of Catfish Farmers of Mississippi and head of Dillard & Co., a catfish company in Leland -- decided last year that his company was going to exit the catfish business altogether.

King said Dillard has not determined what will be done with the company's 3,500 acres of ponds -- farm rice and soybeans, perhaps, or grow trees and grass through the federal Conservation Reserve Program.

Scottsdale, Ariz.-based PetroSun hopes struggling catfish farmers like King will also consider algae farming as a new use for their unprofitable catfish ponds.

The company wants to lease ponds for algae farming in exchange for rent and monthly royalties from algal oil and algal biomass production, as well as potential future profits from a carbon credit program, according to a press release announcing the plan.

PetroSun claims on its Web site that algae farming has the potential to produce 2,000 gallons of algae oil per acre, 30 times more oil per acre than corn and soybean crops, the traditional sources of biofuels.

Algal biofuel has another advantage over corn- and soybean- based biofuel, according to Whittington: It does not compete with food production.

Because it relies on crops usually used for food products, grain-based biofuel has been named as a cause for recent skyrocketing food prices. Land that was once used to grow corn for food is now being used to grow corn for fuel, thereby reducing the food supply and driving up food prices, according to critics.

Using catfish ponds to grow algae would not pose that problem because algae is not a traditional food product, and the ponds are no longer profitable as a way to raise catfish.

"(Algae farming) is not problematic because the ponds they are looking at are out of production," Whittington said. "The catfish market hasn't been what it needs to be, and there are a lot of ponds going out of production now."

Despite the apparent advantages of adopting algae farming, some still have questions about whether it could work in practice.

Mississippi Farm Bureau aquaculture coordinator Paul Chamblee said most algae-growing experiments he has seen have been in closed test tubes, rather than in an open pond.

"This is my first real exposure to it," Chamblee said. "These are my first dealings with an open-pond system."

Both Chamblee and King said that most of what they know about algae farming comes from PetroSun, rather than from their own independent research.

"We're just going by what they told us," King said. "We'd like to pursue it and find a little more about it, see if it's something that can work for us.

"If it appears to be viable, I think it could be great. That's yet to be determined."

Even if PetroSun's algae farming technology works, the market for alternative energy may not be as profitable as it once was, now that the price for crude oil has fallen below $60 a barrel after record highs this summer.

The price of ethanol cut in half between June and October, dropping from $3 to $1.50 a gallon.

But Whittington said the shifting energy market should not stop Americans from exploring biofuels, as oil prices could surge again.

"We need to remain committed to alternative fuel sources because we're going to face this situation again," he said. "If we table this now, we're going to be facing the same problems again."

And despite dropping oil prices and a weakening biofuels market, PetroSun plans to go forward with its push to convert Mississippi's catfish ponds to algae farms.

"Mississippi is one of the top states for getting involved with solutions for getting our country free from dependence on foreign oil," said Terri Chiang, a spokeswoman for Biomass Partners, which has served as a liaison between PetroSun and Mississippi's catfish farmers.

"We've had nothing but a positive response and good, open communication with all the farmers we've introduced the technology to."

------

On the Net:

PetroSun, http://www.petrosun.com

Catfish Farmers of Mississippi, http://catfishfarmersofms.org

Mississippi Biomass Council, http://www.ms-biomass.orgWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatI read about this in PopSci years ago.

I thought back then it was a seriously clever idea if it does turn out to be practical. The article was pretty hot on the idea of using large commercial roof top and over parking lot apparatuses would greatly decrease the land area needed for this technology to make a noticeable change."Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives." --John Stuart Mill

Special thanks to Ttownfeen for giving me the author of the quote above

To quote some wise men whos names I can not remember:

"Conservative politics is like masterbation, it takes a lot of jerking things around and only pays off for those who do it."Boeing, airlines testing algae oil as jet fuel; pond scum could be nonfood source of biofuel
8 December 2008

SEATTLE (AP) - Boeing, airlines and engine makers are testing jet fuel made from algae and a nonfood plant called jatropha.

Continental Airlines says it will test the biofuel on a demonstration flight, with no passengers, Jan. 7 in Houston.

One of the engines of the Boeing 737-800 will be powered with a mix of jet fuel and fuel derived from algae and jatropha seeds. Boeing is a partner in the project that Continental says will be the first using algae as a fuel.

Air New Zealand also is testing jatropha fuel in a 747 jetliner using technology developed by UOP, a Honeywell company.

The Tacoma News Tribune reports Boeing was instrumental in forming the Algal Biomass Organization in Seattle to look for sustainable fuels that don't use farm land.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatWeary catfish farmers becoming landlords of algae 
9 March 2009

BELZONI, Miss. (AP) - Pond scum was once an aquatic nuisance that Hall Barret III once hated to see in his catfish ponds.

It just might become his next cash cow.

After more than 30 years, Barret is giving up catfish and becoming a landlord of algae. And he's hoping his lease agreement with PetroSun BioFuels Inc. pays him huge royalties.

The Scottsdale, Ariz.-based company wants to convert Barret's catfish ponds into an algae farm to produce alternative fuel, paying the owner of B&B Fish Farm thousands of dollars to baby-sit the new and unusual crop.

"Never in my wildest dreams would I have ever thought that I would be doing this," said Barret, who for decades has operated the Mississippi Delta fish farm with his sister Liz Jordan near Belzoni, known as the Catfish Capital of the World.

Barret and Jordan have agreed to lease their old catfish ponds to PetroSun to grow algae used in the production of biodiesel, ethanol, and livestock feed.

The company plans to begin algae-to-biofuel operations after obtaining permits from the Department of Environmental Quality and other state agencies. Former catfish farm employees would help harvest the algae.

Barret and his employees once battled the blue-green plantlike organism that can taint farm-raised catfish with a musty off-flavor and cost farmers time and money. That wild algae is not fit for production, but PetroSun says it can grow some suitable for alternative fuel.

Terri Chiang, an authorized agent for PetroSun BioFuels, has been introducing the lease program to state officials and catfish farmers in Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Alabama. She said it's like an oil and gas lease.

"We have given the landlord the opportunity to participate on all products that are produced on their property," Chiang said. "So initially, we have arranged for the landowner to receive $50 per water acre signed into the program as a sign-up, one-time payment. Additionally, the landlord will receive advance base rent payments at the beginning of every year of $100 (per acre)."

The real money for farmers would be the monthly royalties. For Barret and Jordan, who own 744 water acres, royalties could mean between $744,000 and $892,800 a year, based on PetroSun's formula.

However, there are skeptics.

Tom Konrad, a regulatory consultant and financial analyst for AltEnergyStocks.com, says PetroSun's idea of harvesting algae in open ponds isn't feasible.

"I believe that you can never economically produce algae for biofuel by that method," he said.

Konrad said it has been produced in closed environments where there are fewer challenges to harvesting.

PetroSun, a diversified energy company founded in 2001 by Gordon M. LeBlanc Jr., would not reveal the details of its algae growing methods.

Tom Byrne, a Minnesota-based renewable energy consultant and member of the Algal Biomass Organization, said companies researching algae-to-biofuel technology are looking at ponds because bio reactors are expensive.

Another challenge he said, is separating water from the algae.

"Algae isn't something you can just run through a filter," he said. "It is not easy to de-water once you really start working with it, so that's ... the bottleneck."

If the capital cost drops and the de-watering technology improves, Byrne said, aviation and the military could become viable markets for algae-based fuel. He predicts it will take five to 10 years before the industry makes a real difference.

"Which is faster than you can drill off the coast," he said.

Andy Whittington, president of the Mississippi Biomass and Renewable Energy Council, supports the PetroSun project.

"Algae-to-biofuels has a real chance to be successful and generate significant income for these farms," Whittington said.

He said revenue could potentially come from algae oil for biodiesel, cellulosic ethanol from the leftover algaecake, and a livestock feed additive from the residuals.

About 95 percent of the nation's catfish are produced on farms in Mississippi and the three neighboring states, in one of the nation's poorest regions.

Growers are suffering because of the rising cost of fish feed, fuel, and the influx of foreign fish into their market.

U.S. catfish growers had sales of $409 million in 2008, down 8 percent from the previous year. Sales have dropped 16 percent since 2006, according to USDA statistics.

"Right now the opportunity to grow algae is an option for these farmers," said Paul S. Chamblee, aquaculture coordinator for Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation. "If catfish farmers have an opportunity to make more money by changing crops, they will."

PetroSun has set up an office in Belzoni and the company is visiting sites in Mississippi and Arkansas.

Farmers looking to participate need at least 320 acres within the same area. Those with fewer acres would have to partner with a neighbor.

Jordan, 57, is excited about the new opportunity, but disappointed that an old way of life is ending.

In Belzoni, catfish was king.

"You have so many friends that are in the business ... And it is just sad to see them start to move away, looking for a job somewhere," Jordan said.

But she and her brother understand that change is a part of farming.

"Long years ago, daddy used to say he would never grow anything that you had to feed. Some people were in cows and livestock," Jordan said. "And then, lo and behold, we had all of these fish to feed. But we had to diversify, and so here we are. So we did get into the fish and ..."

"Now we are into the algae," Barret said with a smile.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatVenice seaport eyes algae to fuel energy needs 

ROME, March 24 (Reuters) - Venice's seaport plans to become self-sufficient in its energy needs by building a power plant fuelled by algae, in what would be the first facility of its kind in Italy, the port authority said.

The plant will be operative in two years and produce 40 megawatts of electricity, Venice's port authority said, adding that an emissions-free energy source would help preserve the historic lagoon city's delicate ecological balance.

The plant -- only the third of its kind being planned in Europe -- will be built in collaboration with renewable energy services company Enalg at a cost of 200 million euros ($272.6 million), a port authority spokeswoman said.

Several companies are in the race to find economic ways to turn algae, one of the planet's oldest life forms, into vegetable oil that can be made into biodiesel and other fuels.

In Venice, the algae will be cultivated in laboratories and put in plastic cylinders where water, carbon dioxide, and sunshine trigger photosynthesis. The resulting biomass will be treated further to produce a fuel to turn turbines.

The carbon dioxide produced in the process is to be fed back to the algae, resulting in zero emissions from the plant.

The port needs about 7 megawatts to satisfy its energy needs, so the excess energy could be supplied to ships docked at the harbour, it said.

The port is was also considering a photovoltaic park that could produce 32 megawatts of solar energy.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatRe

Very good discussion and analysis; real sensible.I think you could try runescape gold and runescape.You could get some interesting thing in itClothing Wholesale

Welcome to Robin annywholesale.com. We are a leading urban clothing wholesaler. We provide a great selection of urban gear and urban wear.CHINA Garment factory produces fashion clothing ranging from formal. Wholesale designer clothing..




http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123940976513610235.html

Pond Scum Gets Its Moment in the Limelight 
An Algae Collection in Texas Is a Big Hit With the Biofuel Crowd

APRIL 10, 2009, 11:12 P.M. ET 
By RUSSELL GOLD

AUSTIN, Texas -- University of Texas plant physiologist Jerry Brand has spent the past decade lovingly tending the world's largest collection of pond scum.
Now the quest for renewable energy has made Mr. Brand and his algae hot commodities.
As director of the university's Culture Collection of Algae, Mr. Brand is charged with overseeing samples of 3,000 organisms.
"We have more genetic diversity than in all the zoos and botanic gardens of the world put together," says the 67-year-old Mr. Brand.


Conducting a recent tour of the collection in the university's three-story biology building, Mr. Brand strolled past six-foot-tall shelves filled with flasks containing algae. He paused to point out jugs bubbling with green-hued liquid as a mixture of oxygen and carbon dioxide was injected into living samples to aerate them.
The collection's unrivaled diversity has drawn the attention of entrepreneurs who believe that buried within Mr. Brand's assortment of single-cell organisms could be one answer to the world's energy problems.
The basic idea is simple: Algae are little machines that convert solar energy into oily material that can be processed into biofuel. Technically, it's possible to harvest a batch of algae, process the oils into fuel and run a combustion engine like the ones in cars and trucks. To get more oil, just grow more algae.
Mr. Brand is at the center of the quest for the perfect algae for the job.
Mr. Brand's work, during most of his career, was mainly of interest to a narrow band of algae connoisseurs known as phycologists. Now a typical day finds him busy taking calls from venture capitalists and visiting Japanese businessmen to whom he freely offers advice on growing algae. Most commercial applications for algae so far have involved dietary supplements -- algae derived omega-3 fatty acids, for instance.
Samples from the algae collection can be had for $75 apiece; the algae are packed in a screw-top glass vial and sent via overnight mail. Time was when almost all orders came from scientists exploring algae as a food supplement or from high-school kids working on science projects. More than half of orders coming in now are from people working on biofuels. Nobody knows how many different algaes there are.


One afternoon recently at the culture center, Mr. Brand stooped down to examine a batch of algae samples awaiting the mailman. One was headed to the Indian Institute of Petroleum in the foothills of the Himalayas. Another was destined for China; a third to South Dakota.
"There's an enormous universe of algae out there and they have painstakingly collected and cataloged a pretty good chunk of that universe," says Harrison Dillon, co-founder of Solazyme Inc. a California company developing an algae-based diesel and jet fuel. His company has ordered many strains over the years.
Mr. Brand is thrilled that algae are finally getting the attention they deserve.
Dismissing Algae
"Algae have been on the back burner of most people's minds. It's pond scum. It's seaweed," he says. "Those of us who have studied algae for decades realize there is a tremendous genetic potential."
But even Mr. Brand didn't recognize that potential right away. He came to algae as a Ph.D. student studying photosynthesis in the 1970s. Algae proved to be convenient test subjects.
Meanwhile, the university acquired the algae collection in 1976. The samples' roots are traced to 1939, when scientist Ernst G. Pringsheim fled Prague ahead of the Nazis, leaving behind most of his belongings but taking his algae collection. The samples went first to Cambridge, then left England for Indiana University and ended up here in Austin.
Thanks to his longstanding work with algae, Mr. Brand was tapped as director of the collection in 1998.
The collection continues to expand; scholars bring Mr. Brand individual samples from around the world, and occasionally a scientist retires and looks for a new home for his own collection. In 2003, E. Imre Friedmann, a microbiologist interested in how life adapts to extreme environments, turned over much of the algae he acquired on trips to Antarctica and to the Gobi desert in Mongolia.
But biofuels entrepreneurs are picky. They're searching for algae that produce oil -- not all of them do -- and ones that grow quickly. The ideal is algae that do both.
Mr. Brand, whose love of algae's genetic diversity contrasts with his daily uniform of choice -- gray sweater vests -- believes that such focus is naive. "It is like saying I want a wheat [plant] with a high yield that grows fast," he said on a recent afternoon, sitting in his small office where a half-eaten plum lay next to coffee mugs with algae illustrations on them. "But you also have to pay attention to the wheat's disease resistance and whether it falls over when the wind blows."
Oil Producer
One of the more popular algae strains among biofuel scientists is Neochloris oleoabundans, physically undistinguished green dots remarkable for their ability to produce large quantities of oil when deprived of nutrients. The collection's samples of these algae, stored in flasks on shelves and frozen in thermoses filled with liquid nitrogen, are the descendants of samples found in the 1950s in a sand dune in Rub al Khali, Saudi Arabia's legendary sea of sand known as the Empty Quarter.
The discovery is credited to Srisumon Chantanachat, a Bangkok-born botanist whose University of Texas Ph.D. dissertation on algae from arid soils can now be found on the shelves at King Saud University library in Riyadh.
But Mr. Brand has his own favorites. Most notably, there's dasycladales. Opening an industrial refrigerator, the plant scientist pulled out a glass dish filled with distilled water spiked with nutrients.
Sample From Germany
Mr. Brand secured the sample from the Max Planck Institute in Germany, where 50 years ago groundbreaking work was done on these algae's forefathers, deciphering how genetic information is spread within a cell. Mr. Brand traveled to Germany himself to collect the sample, cradling it in his lap on the long return flight to Austin.
Mr. Brand picked up the Pyrex dish to show off his pets to a visitor. Floating in the water was a nickel-size, fern-like green asterisk. "You can see how beautiful these little guys are," he said.
Despite his newfound popularity with the business world, Mr. Brand remains a scientist impatient that there still are not enough "basic biology experiments" being done on algae to understand them better. Doing his part to add to the world's store of algae arcana, he's considering assigning an undergraduate to study the algae that grows in the turtle pond behind his building.
Write to Russell Gold at [email protected]

Click to expand...Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”Iowa Power Fund approves $2 million grant to commercialize algae production for renewable fuel 
11 April 2009

DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Iowa energy officials have approved more than $2 million for an effort to grow algae at a southwest Iowa ethanol plant and use the material to make fuel.

The 18-member Iowa Power Fund Board approved the $2,085,000 grant to assist in the commercialization of algae production technology.

The project by BioProcessAlgae LLC, is a joint effort by Omaha, Neb.-based Green Plains Renewable Energy and three other companies.

Scott Poor, corporate counsel for Green Plains, said the research and development grant will fund an algae production project at the company's Shenandoah, Iowa, ethanol plant.

"There is a great deal of synergy between ethanol production and algae production," he said. "The algae can utilize the carbon dioxide, water and heat from the ethanol plant, so some of the key inputs for algae production are already available."

Kevin Lynch, the chief executive of BioProcessAlgae, said the company will test its photobioreactor design in hopes of commercializing the algae production process.

He said the reactor -- about 16-feet tall and 3-feet wide -- is placed above the ethanol plant's fermenter. The enclosed system then captures the carbon dioxide, which when combined with incoming light forms the algae.

Lynch said the photobioreactor will produce up to 50 tons of algae a year from about 100 tons of carbon dioxide. About 25 tons of the algae will be in the form of oils that they hope can be converted into fuel such as biodiesel. The other 25 tons will be biomass-type products that can be used to make distillers grains, then fed to animals or transformed into more ethanol, he said.

He wouldn't speculate how much renewable fuel could be produced on a mass scale through algae production.

"You have got to be really careful when you talk about what the limits of any technology are," he said. "We have to tie it into an industry that exists already, which in this case is going to be ethanol, and then we have to see if we can make the algae ... cheaply and energy-efficiently, and then we have to see if we can process it into the usable fuel and a usable project."

If the project succeeds, Lynch said the state of Iowa could have the grant repaid, but it wouldn't get any ownership in the technology.

Brian Crowe, a senior program analyst with the Iowa Office of Energy Independence, which oversees the board, said it's important for Iowa, even during tough budget times, to invest in research and development projects that could create manufacturing jobs and next generation biofuels.

It helps Iowa "to maintain its position as a leader in renewable energy production and really taking the next steps that are necessary to put our state and our country on the path toward energy independence," Crowe said.

The other companies in the joint venture are filtration products manufacturer CLARCOR Inc., of Franklin, Tenn.; Bioprocess H2O LLC, a water filtration product and service company from Portsmouth, R.I.; and NTR PLC, an Irish energy-holding company.

--------

On the Net:

Iowa Power Fund: http://www.energy.iowa.govWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatExxon Mobil makes first big investment in biofuels; partners with California firm
14 July 2009

HOUSTON (AP) - Exxon Mobil Corp. said Tuesday it will make its first major investment in greenhouse-gas reducing biofuels in a $600 million partnership with biotech company Synthetic Genomics Inc. to develop transportation fuels from algae.

Despite record-breaking profits in recent years, the oil and gas giant has been criticized by environmental groups, members of Congress and even shareholders for not spending enough to explore alternative energy options.

One of the company's requirements was finding a biofuel source that could be produced on a large scale. It says photosynthetic algae appears to be a viable, long-term candidate. If the alliance is successful, pumping algae-based gasoline at Exxon service stations is still several years away and will mean additional, multibillion-dollar investments for mass production.

"This is not going to be easy, and there are no guarantees of success," Emil Jacobs, a vice president at Exxon Mobil Research and Engineering Co., said in an interview with The Associated Press. "But we're combining Exxon Mobil's technical and financial strength with a leader in bioscientific genomics."

Jacobs said the project involves three critical steps: identifying algae strains that can produce suitable types of oil quickly and at low costs, determining the best way to grow the algae and developing systems to harvest enough for commercial purposes.

Besides the potential for large-scale production, algae has other benefits, Jacobs said. It can be grown using land and water unsuitable for other crop and food production; it consumes carbon dioxide, the greenhouse gas blamed for climate change; and it can produce an oil with molecular structures similar to the petroleum products -- gasoline, diesel, jet fuel -- Exxon already makes.

That means the Irving, Texas-based company will be able to convert the bio-oil into fuels at its own refineries and use existing pipelines and tanker trucks to get it to consumers.

The $600 million price tag includes $300 million for Exxon's internal costs and $300 million or more to La Jolla, Calif.-based Synthetic Genomics -- if research and development milestones are successfully met.

"Even though this is a multiyear program, we both still consider it a very aggressive timetable, and it involves a lot of basic research," said J. Craig Venter, founder and CEO of the privately held company. "As a result, you don't know the answers until you've done these tests and experiments."

Algae is considered a sustainable source for second-generation biofuels, which go beyond corn-based ethanol into nonfood sources such as switchgrass and wood chips.

Royal Dutch Shell PLC said earlier this year it would scale back large investments in wind and solar in favor of next-generation biofuels. The European oil giant is working with Canadian company Iogen Corp. on a method to produce ethanol from wheat straw, and partnering with Germany-based Choren Industries to develop a synthetic biofuel from wood residue.

Another oil major, BP PLC, plans to team up with Verenium Corp. to build a $300 million cellulosic ethanol plant in Highlands County, Fla.

For Exxon Mobil, the world's largest publicly traded oil company, the biofuels investment is tiny compared with its spending to find new supplies of crude and natural gas.

CEO Rex Tillerson said earlier this year Exxon's 2009 spending on capital and exploration projects is expected to reach $29 billion, up from the $26.1 billion it spent in 2008. The company said those levels are likely to remain in the $25 billion to $30 billion range through 2013.

Exxon Mobil shares rose 25 cents to $65.95 in trading Tuesday. They've traded in a range of $56.51 to $86.47 in the past year.

------

AP Energy Writer Dirk Lammers in Sioux Falls, S.D., contributed to this report.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Watwholesale brand clothing online

wholesale abercrombie,juicy couture,ed hardy,true religion,rock&republic,hollister,paul smith,christian audigier, baby phat,Ugg,Smet,Affliction,Burberry christian louboutin on www.bendef.comwholesale abercrombie,juicy couture,ed hardy,true religion,rock&republic,hollister,paul smith,christian audigier, baby phat,Ugg,Smet,Affliction,Burberry christian louboutin on www.bendef.comalgae oil as jet fuel-if possible, just WOW!"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." Elbert HubbardAlgae fuel a braves' new world
Ancestral land is being used to test facilities that can turn pond weed into biofuel
6 September 2009
The Sunday Times

The sun shines on Coyote Gulch for an average of 300 days a year. The land in southwest Colorado belongs to the Southern Utes, the region's oldest continuous residents and now one of the wealthiest American Indian communities.

Beneath their ancestral lands lies one of the world's richest natural-gas fields. Energy and property investments have made the Utes a wealthy people. Now they believe they have spotted another opportunity: they have literally gone green.

Coyote Gulch is home to a high-tech plant that uses algae to make biodiesel. Pond scum and its relatives are fast becoming one the hottest research and investment areas in biofuels, part of a second generation of fuels trying to escape the controversies that tainted their forerunners based on food crops such as corn.

As a fuel crop, algae have a lot of advantages over corn and other plants. They are among the fastest-growing plants in the world and about 50% of their weight is oil. Grown in either open-pond or closedpond systems, once the algae have been harvested, the oils can be extracted and refined to make biodiesel.

Exxon, considered by some to be the world's least green oil company, has put $600m (¤419m) into algae research and thinks that when the system has been developed it could yield 2,000 gallons of fuel per acre each year. Corn yields 250 gallons per acre a year.

The Coyote Gulch experiment is being run by Solix Biofuels.

The Utes contributed almost one-third of the $20m in capital raised by Solix and have donated land and equipment to the project.

Doug Henston, Solix's chief executive, said many challenges remain. Rival firms are concentrating on finding the best types of algae to use. "We've had thousands of years to domesticate other plants. Nobody has domesticated algae," he said. Solix is "algae agnostic" and is concentrating instead on the other big dilemma for algae growing — open ponds versus closed ponds.

Algae fuel is not a new idea. The US Department of Energy conducted studies using open ponds for 18 years. It shut down the programme in 1996 after concluding that algae oil could never compete on price with fossil fuels.

However, open ponds are subject to contamination and Henston believes closed systems, while expensive now, can increase efficiency and, with scale, bring down the price of the final fuel. He is confident that the company has the technology to grow algae efficiently in tanks — known as photo-bioreactors — using less space than open ponds and allowing for more controlled conditions.

Solix is looking for partners among the large oil companies that already have the systems in place. Scaling up the technology will be all about those partners, he said.

Bob Zahradnik, who oversees the Utes' multi-billion-dollar energy investments, said the tribe had three main criteria for making renewable investments. "First, it has to be technically feasible. It might not have everything in place, and there may be some bugs to iron out, but it's got to be possible," he said.

Second, the project has to be "truly environmentally sound". The tribe ruled out investments in corn ethanol because they did not like the idea of using food for fuel. "For us, in a world with seven billion people, competing with food even for space is not a rational proposition," he said.

Third, it has to make economic sense. "We are long-term investors but we want to make money," said Zahradnik.

The Utes' interest comes at a low point for the biofuels revolution.

The recession, falling oil prices and "irrational exuberance" have all taken their toll, said Henston.

According to the National Biodiesel Board, an American trade association, two-thirds of American biodiesel production capacity now sits unused. Last year biofuels were blamed for soaring food prices and the use of food for fuel has become political dynamite in some countries. The surge in food prices led to a leap in algae investments last year, according to New Energy Finance (NEF), the research firm. Biofuel investment has reached $3.6 billion in the past two years and nextgeneration technologies such as algae now account for more than a third of that money.

Harry Boyle, an NEF analyst, said: "I was extremely sceptical about algae to begin with. It seemed like a classic area for venture-capital investors with little or no energy experience, simply seeing the big exit as where you sell your technology to an oil company or a utility."

Boyle said several factors, though, had now made algae more attractive. The first two are political. The rise in food prices has put fresh impetus behind the new generation of biofuels that do not need to use food crops. And algae can be raised on land that is not suitable for farming, avoiding arguments about using arable land for fuel.

Boyle said algae technology also had some inherent advantages of its own. Algae biodiesel can be used as aviation fuel — last year Continental flight No 9990 became the first example of an airliner testing algae fuel during a commercial trip.

The process, he said, is also a useful way of sequestering carbon dioxide, the greenhouse gas thrown off in harmful amounts by power stations. The unique properties of algae mean they can be used to clean up the environment.

Nasa scientists are working on a project that uses municipal waste water to grow algae. The system purifies waste water at the same time as producing oil. A cost-effective way of reducing carbon-dioxide emissions would provide a powerful boost for the algae industry.

America has set a target of injecting 36 billion gallons of biofuels into the fuel supply in 2022, up from 11.1 billion gallons in 2009. Present trends — both political and scientific — suggest that if the American government is to hit its targets, algae and other second-generation fuels will have to be part of that mix.

Despite last year's ructions, the Utes' long-term view may turn out to be a green investment in more ways than one.

GREEN IDEA

UK households throw away 6.7m tonnes of food each year, but the trend for home composting is growing. BEEcycle, founded by Kenneth Cheung, 24, creates products to help with recycling. His miniature self-contained eco-system, the OvO, uses worms to break down waste into compost. He was a finalist in this year's Make Your Mark Awards. You can order his products on www.beecycle.co.uk

How the process works

Algae make oil naturally and can be processed into biocrude, an equivalent of petroleum, or refined to make other fuels and chemicals for plastics and drugs

1 Cultivation takes place in open ponds or closed photo-bioreactors where nutrient-laden water is pumped through plastic tubes that are exposed to sunlight

2 During photosynthesis, algae capture carbon dioxide and sunlight and convert it into oxygen and biomass from which the biocrude is extracted. They can grow 20 to 30 times faster than food crops

3 The oil can be harvested in a variety of ways. The simplest method is to squeeze the algae in a manner similar to an olive press. More chemically complex methods can extract a higher percentage of oil. The remaining waste is biodegradable Sunlight Carbon dioxide Biomass Oxygen AlgaeWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Wathttp://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20091022/sc_afp/lifestyleusclimateenergyalgae_20091022065724

Algae may be secret weapon in climate change war

by Ruth Morris Ruth Morris – Thu Oct 22, 2:56 am ET

MIAMI (AFP) – Driven by fluctuations in oil prices, and seduced by the prospect of easing climate change, experts are ramping up efforts to squeeze fuel out of a promising new organism: pond scum.

As it turns out, algae -- slimy, fast-growing and full of fat -- is gaining ground as a potential renewable energy source.

Experts say it is intriguing for its ability to gobble up carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, while living happily in places that aren't needed for food crops.

Algae likes mosquito-infested swamps, for example, filthy pools, and even waste water. And while no one has found a way to mass produce cheap fuel from algae yet, the race is on.

University labs and start-up companies across the country are getting involved. Over the summer, the first mega-corporation joined in, when ExxonMobil said it would sink 600 million dollars into algae research in a partnership with a California biotechnology company.

If the research pans out, scientists say they will eventually find a cost-effective way to convert lipids from algae ponds into fuel, then pump it into cars, trucks and jets.

"I think it's very realistic. I don't think it's going to take 20 years. It's going to take a few years," said chemical engineer George Philippidis, director of applied research at Florida International University in Miami.

One of the factors fueling enthusiasm is algae's big appetite for carbon dioxide -- a by-product of burning fossil fuels.

"We could hook up to the exhaust of polluting industries," Philippidis said. "We could capture it and feed it to algae and prevent that CO2 from contributing to further climate change."

California company Sapphire Energy has already fueled a cross-country road trip with algae-tinged gasoline.

The trip, meant to raise awareness, prompted the headline, "Coast to Coast on Slime". Another California company is looking at fattening fish on algae and then processing the fish for oil.

"Where algae is very nice is, it's prolific. It's everywhere... and you don't have to do much. Mother Nature has kind of figured it out," said Roy Swiger, a molecular geneticist and director of the Florida division of the non-profit Midwest Research Institute.

MRI began studying algae as an energy source three years ago. Swiger warned that algal fuels are not ready for prime time yet. Even though algae grows like gangbusters, it currently costs up to 100 dollars to make a gallon of algal fuel-- hardly a savings.

The rub is bringing cost down, and production up. To do this, scientists must find cheap ways to dry algae and extract the lipids, where energy is stored.

Swiger noted that it would not make sense to spend five dollars of electricity to run a centrifuge to dry out algae, that in turn would only produce one dollar of fuel.

If research goes well, Swiger thinks it will take five years to bring down production costs to 40 dollars per gallon.

But taking even a tiny chunk out of the energy market -- ethanol has eked out a 4.0 percent share, for example -- can shift the energy mix.

"Four percent is not a lot, and yet everywhere you look there's a pump," Swiger said. "So four percent of a gigantic number is a lot." 

Some start-ups are more optimistic. Paul Woods, chief executive of Florida-based Algenol Biofuels, says his company will beat others to market. 

He has patented a technology for "sweating" ethanol from algae, without drying it first. 

"We see ourselves as a very cheap way to supplement (energy supply)," said Woods, "and the more cheap ethanol we have, the more we're winning in efforts to have independence from foreign fuel." 

Woods announced a partnership with Dow Chemical in July to build a demonstration plant, and expects to launch commercial production by 2011. 

Experts don't see algal fuel replacing fossil fuels completely, and some have become leery of hype. 

The idea of harnessing algae for fuel has been around for decades, they say. Still, no one has been able to make it financially feasible. 

"Any fantastic claims will eventually discredit the field if given much credence," said algae expert John Benemann. 

Instead, he sees algae as a good source for animal feeds, chemicals and fertilizer. 

Back at FIU, Philippidis agreed "there is no silver bullet" to reduce dependency on fossil fuels. 

But he saw promise on the horizon, especially as larger companies become involved in algae research. "We are still at an early stage... but as we scale up (production) I think costs will come down very, very quickly," he said. 

And if that works, he added, "there is a small Greek island I would like to buy."

Click to expand...

..Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”"This is my first real exposure to it," Chamblee said. "These are my first dealings with an open-pond system."

Both Chamblee and King said that most of what they know about algae farming comes from PetroSun, rather than from their own independent research.

"We're just going by what they told us," King said. "We'd like to pursue it and find a little more about it, see if it's something that can work for us.

"If it appears to be viable, I think it could be great. That's yet to be determined."

Even if PetroSun's algae farming technology works, the market for alternative energy may not be as profitable as it once was, now that the price for crude oil has fallen below $60 a barrel after record highs this summer.

The price of ethanol cut in half between June and October, dropping from $3 to $1.50 a gallon.

But Whittington said the shifting energy market should not stop Americans from exploring biofuels, as oil prices could surge again.Conseil financement immobilier pret achat | Plan de financement immobilier travaux simulation | Plan de financement immobilierYes .. once China and India start to secure their part of the oil supply, prices will spike again. Hope people realize that is coming and go the renewable route well beforehand!World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatFuel from algae?

I was talking with a friend about a poll I just put a comment to on th and then the idea of renewable fuels came up (or just renewable power). During the gas crisis of last year there was tons of posts about algae created fuels, whether it was everyday gas or diesel... now I haven't heard anything about them. Has their funding dried up now that gas is arguably cheaper now? Or are things still going on and it's still in the research phase? There any site out there that keeps up on how things are going?FACTBOX-Four projects to save jobs and cut emissions 

Oct 30 (Reuters) - A growing "carbon army" of environmentalists and bankers have seized on political support to boost flagging economies to press for more spending on climate-friendly projects.

In times of downturn, spending on infrastructure can prime demand, provide work and avert depression, a lesson learned from U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal in the 1930s.

Following are four major projects to cut carbon emissions that would need a large input of funding.

1. OFF-SHORE WIND

Britain said last week it had become the world's biggest operator of off-shore wind turbines -- an emerging industry which includes only Denmark and the Netherlands as serious contenders.

Britain's Carbon Trust said this month that the country could obtain a quarter of its electricity from wind turbines planted in the sea floor by 2020, cutting carbon emissions by 14 percent and creating up to 70,000 jobs.

"It's all about timing, the key thing is what we can deploy by 2020," said Tom Jennings, strategy manager at the Carbon Trust, a government-backed group which advises the country and companies on how to cut emissions.

Britain faces a 13 gigawatt power generation shortfall by 2020, the Carbon Trust says, equivalent to about 5 percent of the country's entire capacity now, and an EU target to get a fifth of all its energy from renewable sources by then.

Job creation would in part depend on nurturing non-existent wind turbine manufacturing capacity in Britain, at present dominated by Denmark and Germany which could also snap up installation and servicing jobs.

2. SOLAR THERMAL POWER

Solar thermal plants use mirrors to heat water and turn it into steam, which drives a turbine like a conventional gas or coal-fired power plant.

An advantage over wind is that it is easier to store heat than electricity, making it easier for solar thermal plants to send power to the grid at any time.

The first large European solar thermal plant will be commissioned in southern Spain within weeks. The 50-megawatt Andasol 1 plant cost 300 million euros, which the private sector will re-coup through a 25-year, state-guaranteed power price.

Similar projects would each create up to 100 permanent jobs and 800 more during construction, said Henner Gladen, co-founder of the project's developer Solar Millennium.

Leaders of 43 countries from the European Union and the Mediterranean region met in July to debate a possible "Mediterranean Solar Plan" to develop solar power in the deserts of North Africa, and export the electricity to Europe.

3. CARBON CAPTURE AND STORAGE

Carbon capture and storage (CCS) traps carbon dioxide produced by burning coal and gas, then stores it underground, for example in depleted oil and gas fields.

Commercial tests have stalled because of the expense and concerns that the technology dents power plant efficiency.

Burning coal is the highest carbon-emitting method of generating electricity, but also one of the cheapest and most readily available, so CCS technology may be indispensable in the climate fight.

The fix may contribute one fifth of all carbon emissions cuts by 2050, says the International Energy Agency (IEA).

An EU target to test up to 12 plants by 2015 would create $30 billion in investment, said the author of an IEA report published last week.

"That would give Europe a head start in a much, much bigger market in the future," said the IEA's Kamel Bennaceur, who calculated a global CCS market worth up to $500 billion by 2050, equal to the entire global coal market now.

4. ENERGY EFFICIENCY

Energy efficiency projects are the best value, because they save money by cutting energy demand, after a big investment.

Efficiency measures could start now and help save jobs in the construction sector suffering from collapsing prices.

Researchers McKinsey estimate that an annual $170 billion investment in efficiency measures such as more efficient heating, cooling and lighting would slash global energy bills by $900 billion annually by 2020.

The IEA estimates efficiency measures could contribute about two fifths of all cuts in carbon emissions by 2050.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatUK aims to support small renewable power from 2010 

LONDON, Oct 30 (Reuters) - Britain says it wants to guarantee a price premium for small producers of renewable power, for example from the wind and sun, from 2010.

The government included the proposals in amendments tabled on Wednesday to an energy bill being debated and due to pass into law by December this year.

The plan would support households and communities which install solar panels or small wind turbines on their property.

They would earn a feed-in tariff, which guarantees a price premium for supplying electricity from renewable sources into the national grid.

"We hope to have it available by 2010," said a spokeswoman for the Department of Energy and Climate Change on Thursday.

Britain's present price support, or renewables obligation (RO), is considered complicated and bureaucratic for small producers, and will be replaced by a feed-in tariff for microgeneration of renewable electricity up to 3 megawatts (MW) -- enough to power about 1,500 homes.

The 3 MW cut-off would make feed-in tariffs available for schools, hospitals and communities as well as households.

"We don't want to tinker with the RO," the spokeswoman added. Some 95 percent of RO claimants now were above the 3 MW threshold.

The RO forces utilities to get a certain portion of their electricity from renewable sources or else pay a penalty, money which is then used to pay renewable power producers.

Feed-in tariffs have been very effective in boosting the adoption of solar power by households, farmers and communities in Germany. Such tariffs, also very popular in Spain, guarantee a certain power price premium typically for 20-25 years.

The government had not yet decided on the value or duration of a British tariff, the spokeswoman added.

Under EU targets Britain will have to get 15 percent of its energy from renewable sources by 2020 compared to just 1.3 percent in 2005.

Wednesday's amendments also included provisions to support the production of renewable heat, for example from wood or methane from waste dumps.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatRenewable energy may emerge scarred but stronger when global financial crisis eases
13 November 2008

DENVER (AP) - Billionaire oilman T. Boone Pickens put his massive wind farm plans on hold in Texas. A Maryland solar plant project has been scrapped. And the nation's second-largest ethanol company is under bankruptcy protection.

The alternative energy sector has run smack into a credit crisis, probably a recession as well, and almost all industry experts think the fourth quarter is going to be worse.

Yet many believe it could emerge from the economic turmoil scarred but stronger. The International Energy Agency in Paris this week predicted green energy will be the second largest source of global electricity generation before 2015.

"We're in a moment now where people are taking a deep breath and really challenging their business models and really making sure that they'll be able to sort of weather the storm," said Joseph Muscat, Ernst & Young's Americas director of cleantech and venture capital.

"I think we need confidence to return to the overall markets. People have to get a perspective on what will this recession look like," he said.

Until September, cleaner technology was on a roll, collecting some $3.3 billion in venture capital investment during the first nine months compared with $2.6 billion for all of 2007, Muscat said.

Globally, venture capital and private equity investment was $5.8 billion in the second quarter that tumbled 24 percent in the third quarter as the global economy hit the brakes, according to London-based New Energy Finance, a research firm.

When the downturn hit, the credit markets froze up and prices plummeted for oil, coal and natural gas. Retail gasoline prices have fallen nearly 32 percent in past last month and now are below $2 a gallon in several states.

The reality today is that it's more expensive to produce renewable energy than it is from traditional resources, and consumers suddenly strapped for cash will start moving away, said Jerry Taylor, a senior fellow at Cato Institute.

Even proponents are slowing the move toward alternative energy, at least for the moment.

Pickens has delayed a plan to develop a wind farm on thousands of acres in west Texas, citing the drop in natural gas prices. He even trimmed about $10 million from a renewable energy campaign he started to promote wind and natural gas.

Last month, BP Solar scrapped plans for a $97 million expansion of its Frederick, Md., plant citing intense global competition.

And, China-based Yingli Green Energy Holding Co. said it has no plans to boost its manufacturing capacity once it reaches 600 megawatts next year.

Taylor said renewable energy makes economic sense only if it does not need government subsidies. Without it, he said, the renewables can't compete.

Yet, energy experts are still banking on a future for renewables.

The International Energy Agency expects the technology to overtake natural gas to become the second-largest source of electricity by 2015.

In a forecast released this week, it based the forecast on an assumption that fossil-fuel prices will climb, costs will fall for renewable technology and supporting government policy.

"Excluding biomass, non-hydro renewable energy sources -- Wind, solar, geothermal, tide and wave energy -- together grow faster than any other source worldwide, at an average rate of 7.2 percent per year over the projection period," the agency said.

Renewable energy trade associations for solar, wind, geothermal, hydropower said Thursday there are a wide range of potential investors such as pension funds and non-profit organizations that would invest if Congress tweaks tax and production credits to make them refundable.

"It's just that the economics are just not there with respect to financing. If you free that up, you'll see record growth for solar in particular in the United States in 2009," said Rhone Resch, president of the Solar Energy Industries Association.

There are two key issues for the cleaner technology industry: finding new sources and managing energy use, Muscat said.

Going forward, he expects builders to include energy-efficient products that don't cost too much more but will help reduce energy costs. Consumers will start smaller, perhaps with LED lights, fuel cells for electricity generation and even blended petroleum products, he said.

The recovery, he speculated, could be just one quarter or could take longer

"We are at a very unique moment where I think with a new administration ... one of their top priorities is a comprehensive strategy," he said. "I think we'll see all of those elements of electricity generation solar, hydro, wind all of those being a part of the solution."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatANALYSIS-UK offshore wind farm boom needs government support 

LONDON, Dec 23 (Reuters) - Britain's renewable energy sector should blossom from next year, when sites for new North Sea wind farms are leased to developers, but only if the government eases planning and helps link the turbines to the power grid.

Britain's failure to give clear backing for green energy has left it trailing far behind Germany, Spain, India or China in developing onshore wind farms or the ability to make turbines.

There are no British turbine makers and Denmark's Vestas is the only major turbine producers with a factory in Britain, making blades in England for the U.S. market, although it closed a plant in Scotland last year.

This could all change from next year, when large areas of the UK North Sea will be sold to wind farm developers on whom the government is relying to help it meet tough European Union renewable energy targets for 2020.

"We have great hopes for offshore development in the UK over the next decade or so," said Steve Sawyer, secretary general of the Global Wind Energy Council lobby group. "(But) there are a number of things that need to be sorted out," Sawyer added.

Over the next 10 years, some 40 gigawatts (GW) of offshore wind farms are to be developed in Europe alone, with Britain expected to account for about half of the total. Britain is already home to the world's largest offshore wind farms.

At present, there are about 100-110 GW of wind capacity around the world but only 1.5-1.6 GW is offshore.

"We've been waiting for the offshore market to materialise for investors," a spokesman for the British Wind Energy Association (BWEA) said.

"Suddenly it's time to open factories ... We think there will be about eight manufacturers within the next 5-6 years. And that means creating jobs," he said.

The BWEA estimates that the next generation of offshore wind farms could result in investment of 50 billion pounds ($73.72 billion) and create more than 60,000 skilled jobs.

"However, there is a real danger that much of this investment might not come to the UK," the association said. "Today the danger is that the new offshore turbines and their components will be built in Germany, Denmark or China."

NORTH SEA OIL EXPERIENCE

Offshore wind farms cost about twice as much per kilowatt to build but, once completed, promise better returns from stronger and more constant winds out at sea.

Offshore turbines are also bigger than those designed for use onshore, with new marine models producing 5 megawatts or more each -- enough to power 2,500 homes or more each.

But the nascent offshore industry is yet to develop standard installation and servicing procedures, which have proved more difficult than expected because of the hostile marine environment, especially in winter.

Britain has overcome such problems before and should not waste that experience.

"Because of its experience in the UK North Sea oil industry, they (Britain) are very well positioned to actually lead in developing the industry," said Sawyer. "The time is now. The opportunity is now. And I seriously hope they take it."

In one of the first encouraging signs, Clipper Windpower Plc , headquartered in California, said this month it planned to build the world's biggest offshore wind turbines in Britain to cash in on an expected boom in the North Sea.

Although Clipper has little experience in offshore turbines, it has begun engineering work on a 10-MW turbine off northern England.

With Britain aiming to increase the share of renewables in its energy supply from about 0.5 percent now to 20 percent by the year 2020, Vestas is also increasing investment at its blade factory in the Isle of Wight.

Positive signs from the government have begun to encourage turbine makers to home in on the UK market.

Parliament passed a bill last month committing Britain to reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2050, the first legally-binding carbon cutting target in the world.

"With the change in the UK government attitude, we are converting the facility to service the UK market," a spokesman for Vestas said. "We are building up and we are concentrating on the British market."

But many in the industry agree the government needs to take concrete steps to help the sector grow, particularly to spur development of the power grid and speed up a clunky planning system that can keep developers waiting five years for approval.

While the government has been working to reform and speed up the planning procedures and also on a plan for modernising the power network to handle variable wind power, they said the efforts were not focused enough.

"There're still a number of challenges ... especially there's some more work to be done on planning systems," said Keith Anderson, Director of Scottish Power Renewables, which is owned by Spain's Iberdrola .

The government needs to help the industry develop the new grid connecting to offshore wind farms and clarify who is to shoulder the investment costs.

"The government has been talking about potentially using infrastructure projects to stimulate the economy and create jobs," said Robin Oakley from Greenpeace UK.

"For me, it would be the first on the list to get a working offshore grid ... It would be a win-win preposition."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatI'd say mass transit (public transport) is climate-friendly, right? It's taking drivers off the road. Of course, the project would have to make sure to receive renewable energy (and probably produce it aka solar panels) and provide basic biking infrastructure like bike racks or that new automatic bike parking in Japan. Japan's awesome!Solar, wind industries want rework of tax credit
Wind and solar industries say tax credit passed 3 months ago no longer works
Friday January 9, 2009, 4:54 pm EST

DENVER (AP) -- Tax credits passed just three months ago to increase investment in renewable energy have lost much of their effectiveness amid a global economic downturn and should be reworked in Congress, industry officials said Friday.

Much of the momentum that led to a record year in the wind and solar industries will be lost if tax credits are not made refundable, putting more cash in people's pockets, industry officials said.

Because most companies and individuals now expect far lower tax liabilities, the incentive to invest in alternative energy technology because of tax credits has been muted, industry trade associations say.

Making those investments refundable would ensure continued investments sought by the incoming Obama administration, said Rhone Resch, president and chief executive of the Solar Energy Industries Association.

"Companies have started laying off workers," said Resch. "Factories have been shuttered and many small businesses that entered into the solar industry in the last couple of years cannot get lines of credit to keep their businesses open."

Resch said the slowdown affects not only manufacturers but installers, plumbers, electricians, roofers and other tradesmen.

The solar industry also plans to ask Congress to allocate $10 billion to federal agencies to either invest in solar facilities on federal property or in 25-year power purchase agreements.

On Wednesday, President-elect Barack Obama said he wanted to use his economic aid plan to cut energy use in federal buildings, a long-sought goal that has achieved mixed success.

"We believe that step can keep wind power growing in this difficult economy," said Denise Bode, chief executive of the American Wind Energy Association.

The Renewable Fuels Association, a trade group for ethanol and biofuels, has suggested $1 billion in short-term credit and $50 billion in loan guarantees for its industry.

Association spokesman Matt Hartwig said the suggestions were not a formal request and that he wasn't aware of any proposals in the works to put before Congress.

The biofuels industry has received a little more than $30 billion in federal tax credits since 1978.

The U.S. government has set an aggressive renewable fuels standard that will require 36 billion gallons of biofuels to be blended into gasoline by 2022. It continues to give refiners a blenders tax credit, although that dropped Jan. 1 to 45 cents a gallon from 51 cents a gallon.

Yet biofuel producers were among the hardest hit late last year, a casualty of rapid growth in the sector.

Plants were closed or never opened from Clovis, N.M. and Greybull, Wyo., to Hartsburg, Ill., and Rock Port, Mo.

VeraSun Energy Corp., the nation's No. 2 ethanol producer, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.

The recession and crumbling oil and gas prices have begun to hit the solar and wind industries as well.

This week, windmill blade maker LM Glasfiber said it will lay off more than 150 employees and halt production at a Little Rock, Ark., plant.

Wind tower manufacturer DMI Industries is cutting 20 percent of its work force -- roughly 150 workers -- at plants in West Fargo, N.D., Tulsa, Okla. and Fort Erie Ontario. And, Evergreen Solar closed its Marlboro, Mass., pilot plant.

Last fall, billionaire oilman T. Boone Pickens put his massive wind farm plans on hold in Texas. BP Solar scrapped plans for a $97 million expansion of its Frederick, Md., plant.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatBiomass fuels to the rescue? 
4 January 2009

MIAMI (AP) - Nobody loves biomass. When talk turns to global warming and the green movement, it's hardly ever mentioned. Biomass can be garbage (literally) or wood chips or sugar-cane remnants or grass.

Still, among energy experts, biomass has some strong supporters, and for good reason: Right now, virtually all the renewable-energy power in Florida comes from biomass, including three plants in Miami-Dade and Broward.

What's more, it's cheap -- cheaper in some instances even than coal, which is generally considered the nation's least expensive way of producing electricity but is also the biggest producer of greenhouse gases that scientists say are heating up the globe.

"We're very strong supporters of biomass," says Stephen Smith, head of the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy. "In the short run, it will be a real workhorse." But he adds: "There are various shades of green in biomass. Some is better than others."

As policymakers search for alternatives to fossil fuels that threaten to submerge South Florida under the sea, biomass has emerged as a leading possibility, much more plausible than wind in the state, but it comes with strong pluses and minuses.

Big business has gotten involved. Leading biomass producers -- including the multimillionaire Fanjul family with an electric plant burning sugar-cane leftovers -- have joined the push to require utilities to use more renewables and pay proper rates for them, which would mean the businesses could get decent revenue by expanding operations.

Still, many have concerns. "Not all biomass is created equal," says Gerald Karnas of the Environmental Defense Fund.

Some environmentalists believe garbage is not as green as, say, wood chips. Others worry that arundo donax, a towering grass proposed by some as a biomass fuel, might spread unintentionally to many areas, including the Everglades, as have other non-native plants.

What's more, major companies in North Florida that use wood products are concerned that state subsidies for renewable energy could drive up the prices of timber that are used for everything from paper to fat-free ice cream.

Even so, research prepared for the Public Service Commission is showing that biomass and solar are the two top practical renewables in Florida.

"The bottom line is that Florida is well positioned for growth in biomass," says Sean Stafford, a lobbyist for Florida Crystals, the Fanjul company. He points out that biomass does not have the "volatile price structure" associated with natural gas, the No. 1 energy source of Florida Power & Light.

What follows is a primer on biomass.

Some biomass -- sugar-cane waste, wood chips -- is generally considered carbon neutral. As cane and trees grow, they soak up carbon dioxide, the major greenhouse gas. That gas is released when the biomass is burned, meaning they produce energy without contributing to climate change.

Garbage is another story. "In Florida, biomass has a a very broad definition, according to the state legislature," says Karnas. "In some states, power from municipal solid waste wouldn't be considered a renewable."

The reason: Experts dispute how carbon neutral garbage is. "It depends what's in it," says Smith of the Southern Alliance. "If it's mostly yard clippings and paper, that could mean very little carbon. If there's a lot of plastic, that's made by a fossil fuel, meaning it's releasing quite a bit of carbon."

What biomass is not is food. "No one is talking about using food for power," says John Bonitz of the Southern Alliance. "This is not corn and ethanol."

A growing number of critics are speaking out against subsidies for ethanol, saying they've raised food prices and contributed to food shortages in some parts of the world. "Food into fuel is clearly a dumb idea," says Lester Lave, an energy expert at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.

In Florida, biomass already produces 1,100 megawatts of power, according a recent study by Navigant Consultants. About half of that comes from 11 waste-to-energy plants that process local garbage and trash.

The other half comes from the leftovers in the timber and sugar-cane industries, which use the power first for their own needs, then sell the remainder to utilities. The biggest plant is run by Florida Crysta1s near South Bay, producing 140 megawatts of power from bagasse, the term for cane waste after the sugar is squeezed out, and from Miami-Dade yard trash.

Florida Power & Light, the state's largest utility, reports that in 2007 it purchased 1.5 million megawatt-hours from biomass plants totaling 303 megawatts of capacity -- a tiny fraction of the 25 million megawatts that the utility uses.

Around the nation, biomass plants have a long, well established history. More than half -- 53 percent -- of all renewables nationwide in 2007 came from biomass, according to the Energy Information Administration.

Biomass advocates point out that this waste produces baseload power -- meaning it can fuel plants around the clock -- while solar power usually operates about 20 to 25 percent of the time.

In Burlington, Vt., the 50-megawatt McNeil power station has been operating successfully since 1984, using mostly left-over branches, leaves and stumps generated by people harvesting firewood or lumber.

Plant manager John Irving says McNeil breaks even at 5.5 cents per kilowatt/hour. (To compare, the typical Florida utility customer pays the utility 10 to 13 cents/kWh.)

The price for McNeil power fluctuates depending on alternative sources. "There were some times when oil/gas was very cheap when I'm sure our owners were thinking maybe we should have done something else," wrote Irving in an e-mail. But lately, the utility has been getting 10 or 12 cents/kWh, plus a three-cent bonus from Connecticut for providing clean energy. "They're pretty happy now," Irving says of the owners.

What's more, much of the plant's costs are in labor -- harvesting the wood waste and getting it to the plant. "So that's economic development, compared to sending all your money to the Middle East."

Meanwhile, Georgia Power proposes changing its 96-megawatt Mitchell Plant from burning coal to biomass. This would not only eliminate a source of the worst emitter of greenhouse gases but would also reduce fuel costs by 30 percent and operating-maintenance costs by 13 percent over the life of the plant, according to spokesman Jeff Wilson.

Most of the wood fuel would come from sources considered unusable by timber companies, Georgia Power says. The switch to biomass is estimated to create 50 to 75 new jobs.

In Florida, Biomass Gas & Electric has deals to build three plants, including a 42-megawatt generator in Tallahassee. BG&E spokesman Keith McDermott says the contract will pay BG&E 7.2 cents/kWh. "Obviously we know we can make the economics work. We're in the business to make money."

The Navigant study reported most types of biomass power's present costs are one-tenth to one-third of solar power's. Even in 2020, assuming major technical improvements for solar, the study found that in one likely scenario, solar will be a viable power source at about 23 cents/kWh, while much of biomass will be at 0.82 to 12 cents/kWh.

Still, Florida biomass producers complain they're not getting paid fairly. Florida Crystals and Covanta Energy, which converts garbage to power, say they often get only 6 or 7 cents/kWh from utilities. FPL reports that so far in 2008 it has paid about 4 cents/kWh for electricity produced by biomass resources -- about a third of what its customers pay the utility.

These rates are generally based on "avoided cost of electricity," meaning a wholesale price that a utility says it avoids by buying alternative power.

"The utilities can low-ball us, and there's nothing that we can do about it," says Florida Crystals spokesman Gaston Cantens.

FPL spokesman Mayco Villafana says if the utility paid the biomass producers more, its customers would have to pay more. "In Florida, the rules are written to protect customers by ensuring that utilities don't overpay for the electricity they buy. Eliminating those rules would allow biomass producers to charge whatever they wanted with no protections for customers."

"The system isn't fair," says Joseph Treshler of Covanta Energy, which runs a waste-to-electricity plant in Hillsborough County. "The Legislature gives the utility full-cost recovery for constructing a renewable plant," meaning the utility has no risk and gets all the profit. "There is no incentive for them to look outside. They squeeze the independent."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatClean energy spend needs to more than triple - report 

DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 29 (Reuters) - Clean energy investment needs to more than triple to $515 billion a year to stop planet-warming emissions reaching levels deemed unsustainable by scientists, the World Economic Forum said in a report on Thursday.

The hefty investments required in renewable energy sectors such as solar and wind energy need to be made between now and 2030, the report, which was co-written by research group New Energy Finance, said.

"Clean energy opportunities have the potential to generate significant economic returns," the World Economic Forum said in a statement accompanying the report.

Clean energy investments were $155 billion last year, up from $30 billion in 2004 but still far below the $515 billion the report's authors say is needed to combat climate change.

Eight sectors are expected to contribute to the shift toward green energy, the report said. They include onshore wind, offshore wind, photovoltaic solar power, solar thermal energy, municipal solar waste-to-energy, sugar-based ethanol, cellulosic and other second-generation biofuels and geothermal power.

Also on Thursday, top climate change officials including Yvo de Boer of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change urged governments to use a portion of fiscal stimulus packages to invest in clean energy.

The also warned against complacency in UN climate talks. Governments from around the world will meet in Copenhagen later this year to try to reach a deal to replace the Kyoto protocol, which sets targets for cutting carbon emissions.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatParis digs deep to harness Earth's green energy 
12 February 2009
Agence France Presse

A major new project is under way in Paris to provide ecologically clean heating for an entire district by extracting piping hot water from nearly two kilometres under the earth.

In a revival of the French capital's geothermal potential, drilling has just begun in the north of the city on a desolate building site sandwiched between the traffic-clogged inner ring road and the Saint-Denis canal.

"In Paris we're trying to adopt a strategy in which France is largely behind other European countries, because we've under-invested in renewable energies," said Denis Baupin, a Paris deputy mayor.

At the construction site, a 36-metre (120-foot) yellow mast rises above a dense cluster of machinery that is usually used to drill for oil. Here the drilling is not for black gold but for hot water.

"The lower you go, the hotter the water," explained Michel Galas of CPCU, the urban heating company carrying out the work, as he stood next to a shaft that when finished will delve 1.7 kilometres (one mile) into the earth.

At that depth lies a geological stratum called the Dogger from which water, heated naturally to 57 degrees Celsius (135 Fahrenheit), will be sucked up to the surface, where it will be used to heat another stock of water.

This will be pumped to apartment blocks to heat radiators and provide hot water.

"It's energy that is 100 percent renewable," said Galas, adding that drilling will go on night and day for about 100 days to reach the required depth.

The scheme will heat around 12,000 apartments and other buildings due to be built by 2011 in a new residential area in the city's 19th district. The project will cost 31 million euros (40 million dollars), five million euros of which will come from the state environment agency and the regional council.

Galas, whose company is jointly owned by the City of Paris and the energy group GDF Suez, pointed to a row of high-rise tower blocks on the other side of the ring road and said they too would eventually be hooked up to the system.

The use of this natural energy source will prevent 14,000 tonnes a year of the main greenhouse gas carbon dioxide being pumped into the capital's already polluted air.

That is roughly the same amount of CO2 that an average car would belch out if taken on a 470,000-kilometre (290,000-mile) trip, which is longer than the distance from the Earth to the moon.

It will also provide 54 percent of the new area's energy needs.

Galas said there were around three dozen sites using geothermal energy in the greater Paris region, nearly all dating from the 1970s and 80s.

"For about 25 years there were no new projects because the price of a barrel of oil had gone down, but in recent years there has been a growing awareness of environmental issues, combined with a hike in the price of oil," he said.

With the environment placed high on President Nicolas Sarkozy's political agenda, and with Baupin and his Green party as the Socialists' coalition partners in Paris city hall, the time appeared right to return to geothermal.

-- Geothermal energy in use since Roman times --

Geothermal energy has been used since Roman times to heat buildings. It uses the energy recovered from the heat of the earth's core and can be seen naturally in the form of volcanoes, geysers and hot springs.

Heated water drawn to the surface can, if of sufficiently high temperature, also be used to drive turbines to create electricity.

In Iceland, about a quarter of the island nation's electricity comes from geothermal power plants, while geothermal schemes provide heating and hot water for almost nine tenths of the country's buildings.

France's geology does not permit tapping into geothermal energy on the Icelandic scale, but there is much unused potential.

Currently around 170,000 French homes are heated geothermally, but the government plans to multiply that number by six by 2020, which would mean that four percent of the nation's households would be thus heated.

The Paris area, Alsace in the east, and Aquitaine in the southwest are the regions geologically best suited for such projects.

Baupin, the deputy Paris mayor in charge of sustainable development and the driving force behind the city's wildly successful Velib bike-sharing scheme, said a second project is already being developed in the north of the city.

And the capital's second airport, Orly, a year ago announced plans to extract geothermal energy to slash its heating bills.

Galas of the CPCU could not provide figures comparing geothermal energy costs with costs from using gas or oil alternatives, but he said geothermal heating was financially "competitive" compared to gas.

Baupin promised that residents of the new area in north Paris "will certainly be a lot less exposed to the vagaries of the price of oil or gas."

Experts agree.

At talks on climate change in December in Poland, UN Environment Programme Executive Director Achim Steiner spoke of geothermal as clean and "indigenous" -- code for free from geopolitical risk and immune to market fluctuations.

"We're not trying to make Paris self-sufficient in energy, that would be too ambitious," said Baupin, who nevertheless talks enthusiastically of other green energy projects such as harnessing the flow of the River Seine.

"But we should aim to make ourselves less vulnerable to future energy crises," he said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatBeijing South has just opened last year, joining the other massive termini of Beijing Central and Beijing West. It's solar powered.


The glass ceiling is outfitted with 3,246 solar panels to generate electricity. The structure spreads out like a ray or trilobite and covers 320,000 sq meters (3,444,450 sq. feet), more than the Beijing National Stadium's 258,000 m2. Its 24 platforms have the capacity to dispatch 30,000 passengers per hour or 241,920,000 a year. The 251,000 m2 (2,750,000 sq. ft) waiting area can accommodate 10,000 passengers.

www.wikimedia.org, www.chinadaily.com.cn
















u/c one of the world's largest indoor spaces:

















http://images.beijing2008.cn, http://1.bp.blogspot.com
















http://t.dfnres.com and www.flickr.com










www.wikimedia.org








www.wikimedia.org


all following pix: www.e-architect.co.uk





























































www.worldarchitecturenews.com









www.e-architect.co.ukWhat Is The World's Greatest City?Not an infrastructure project but very green:

Kiaohsiung International Stadium, 100% solar powered, Taiwan



Razqal said:



almost done!! someone's flickr site:






































































































alot more photos here in arthurchengjca's flickr album:

http://flickr.com/photos/[email protected]/page9/

Click to expand...What Is The World's Greatest City?^^^^^^^^ that's pretty coolbeautiful stadium! beautiful super-station! amazing stuff!Mission: fertilize the web with verbal manure.Wind power companies envision unplugged 
Hawaiian Islands connected by clean electricity grid
28 March 2009

HONOLULU (AP) - The idea of plugging Hawaii's oil-dependent islands into the same wind-powered electricity grid is becoming less of a distant dream.

Lofty ambitions of connecting the isolated islands with undersea cables carrying electricity from wind power and other renewable energy sources could start to happen within a few years if all the pieces fall into place.

It won't be easy, but private companies with money to spend want to participate in plans to build wind farms on the less-populous islands of Molokai and Lanai to feed electricity to power-hungry Honolulu.

The project faces several hurdles: it needs a developer to build the expensive underwater statewide power cables, rural communities have to sign on, an environmental study must be completed and power rates will be negotiated.

Although linking the islands' power grids will take years, the project is on track. Two wind power developers, Castle & Cooke Hawaii and First Wind, agreed to work together last week to speed up construction of the Neighbor Island wind farms rather than competing and litigating.

"We can't continue down this road of being totally dependent on imported oils," said Harry Saunders, president of Castle & Cooke Hawaii. "Should it be done? Yes. Do we have an alignment of will? Yes. Can we get it done in the next two years? I hate to say it, but I doubt it."

Hawaii still depends on imported oil for about 90 percent of its energy, as it has for decades. The state has two oil refineries on Oahu, and the islands depend on several independent, unconnected power grids to light up homes and businesses.

A statewide power grid fits in with Gov. Linda Lingle's goal of having 70 percent of the state's energy come from clean sources by 2030.

Each of the two wind farms would start by producing 200 megawatts of electricity. Wind already produces 5 percent of the state's power, with farms currently on the Big Island and on Maui, where an expansion is planned.

Even though a statewide power grid theoretically would open the possibility of the first statewide blackout, companies and government officials said they would expect fewer blackouts from a stronger undersea grid that could draw power from island to island.

At least a half dozen companies have shown interest in laying the six- to eight-inch-diameter power cables, which could cost anywhere from $600 million to $2 billion for the initial 30-mile underwater link from Honolulu to Molokai and then on to Lanai, according to rough estimates from the Department of Business, Economic Development and Tourism.

That cost would be shouldered by power customers through their electric bills, to be paid off over 20 years, similar to a privately built toll road.

"One of the things we hope to do is have all the islands pay one rate for electricity," said Ted Peck, Hawaii's state energy administrator.

Hawaii has some of the highest electricity rates in the country because all its oil must be shipped to Oahu, and the outer islands pay even steeper bills. Honolulu is the most isolated metropolitan area in the world, and linking the islands to any other electrical grid is unthinkable, with thousands of miles of ocean separating 1.2 million people from the rest of the country.

Power bills would stabilize instead of fluctuate with the price of oil, and customers would save money in the long run, said Josh Strickler, facilitator for the state's renewable energy programs.

Community groups on Lanai and Molokai have been hesitant in the past to embrace much development, but the companies are optimistic that their efforts will convince rural residents to accept the projects.

"The consensus seems to be that people here are willing to do it. That doesn't mean everyone is 100 percent enraptured by the idea of windmills, but that does mean we're a pragmatic community that sees the benefits," said Karen Holt, executive director for the Molokai Service Council.

First Wind has committed $50 million to help the community buy the closed-down Molokai Ranch, which covers one-third of the island, including the area of the proposed wind farm.

"People would rather see 200 windmills than 200 millionaire mansions. I think that's a pretty practical trade-off," Holt said.

The idea is to start the environmental study this year so that the wind farms and power cables can be built at the same time and coming online in 2012 or 2013.

A study on potential cable routes will be completed in April, and the cable may be buried, laid flat on the ocean floor or routed around coral reefs.

"There's a way to do it with minimal impact. The cable is the least of the environmental concerns," said Jeff Mikulina, executive director for the Blue Planet Foundation, whose mission is to make Hawaii energy independent. "If we have private investors who are interested in doing this, then by all means let's do it."

Eventually, cables may be extended to Maui and perhaps even through deeper waters to reach Kauai and the Big Island.

Another key to the project's success is a complicated process in which the state will decide on incentives for Hawaiian Electric Co. to buy renewable power sources rather than fossil fuels. The idea is called "decoupling," which means moving the utility's priorities toward electricity transmission and away from power generation.

Those incentives will likely be worked out by the state Public Utilities Commission over the next few years.

"Everything depends on decoupling. Everything," Peck said. "It gets HECO agnostic about where the power is coming from."

Advances in technology have made wind power and cabling more affordable so that renewable energy projects have a better chance of competing with oil, said Noe Kalipi, a spokeswoman for First Wind.

"It's definitely a one-step-at-a-time kind of project," she said. "Economically, it's much more doable than it was in the past."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatGreen light for massive wind farm

Green light for massive wind farm 

Plans to build Europe's largest onshore wind farm in South Lanarkshire have been approved by Scottish ministers. 

The 152-turbine Clyde wind farm near Abington, will be capable of powering up to 320,000 homes. 

The £600m scheme from Scottish and Southern Energy (SSE) is expected to create 200 jobs during construction, with 30 staff employed on completion. 

At present, the largest wind farm in Scotland is currently being built on Eaglesham Moor to the south of Glasgow. 

Details of the Clyde wind farm were announced by First Minister Alex Salmond at the World Renewable Energy Congress in Glasgow. 

"The Scottish Government has an ambitious target to generate 31% of Scotland's electricity demand from renewable sources by 2011 and 50% by 2020," he said. Scotland needs more of this sort of large, central belt wind farm to help us move quickly to clean, green energy 

Dr Richard Dixon
WWF Scotland 

"Today's announcement makes it virtually certain that the 2011 target will be met early and represents a significant milestone on the way to achieving the 2020 target. 

"Scotland has a clear, competitive advantage in developing clean, green energy sources such as wind, wave and tidal power. 

"We have put renewable energy at the heart of our vision of increasing sustainable, economic growth." 

The approval for the development between Biggar and Moffat follows a public inquiry which was concluded in 2006. 

Construction is due to begin within the next year, with final completion in 2011. 

The phased build will see turbines erected in clusters on either side of the M74 motorway. 

'Valuable landscapes' 

Ian Marchant, chief executive of SSE, said: "Projects like Clyde are essential if Scotland and the UK are to have any hope of meeting legally-binding EU targets for renewable energy. 

"Giving the Clyde wind farm consent is evidence of a willingness to take decisions which are consistent with that ambition." 

Approval for the project was welcomed by WWF Scotland director, Dr Richard Dixon. 

"The Clyde wind farm is a good proposal because it is close to major centres of population, who will use the power it generates, and away from Scotland's most valuable landscapes," he said. 

"Scotland needs more of this sort of large, central belt wind farm to help us move quickly to clean, green energy." 

Once operational, Clyde wind farm will will have a total capacity of 548 megawatts (MW). 

The under-construction wind farm on Eaglesham Moor will have a total capacity of 322MW. 

Currently the biggest operational wind farm in Europe is the Maranchon wind farm in Guadalajara, Spain, which has a generating capacity of 208MW50% is quite an amazing goal, especially for a developed economy. Imagine replicating that in the US - wonder how many wind farms they need?World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatANALYSIS-Asia govts dangle carrots to attract green money 

HONG KONG, April 20 (Reuters) - Asian governments are warming to the idea of offering incentives for green investment and could help attract billions of dollars in funding for solar and wind power industries struggling under tight credit conditions.

Major Asia-Pacific markets from Australia to China and Japan to South Korea are at various stages of refining sweeteners to encourage renewable energy projects. Some are raising renewable energy targets to boost large-scale green projects.

Boosted by such incentives, Asia could overtake the Americas and Europe to be the biggest market for renewable projects by 2012, analysts say.

"As governments spend their way out of the financial crisis, part of that cash is being used as incentives for green projects mobilising increased private investment," said Edgare Kerkwijk, managing director for Asia Green Capital, a renewable energy and commodity-focused investment management firm.

While the credit crunch has discouraged private investment in some industries and markets, Asia's renewable and environmental sectors should benefit from government stimulus packages.

HSBC estimates spending on green-related investments, including railways used as alternatives to carbon-intensive air transport and energy-efficient power grids, to account for 20 percent, or $272 billion, of stimulus spending in Asia -- more than double the amount earmarked for green projects in the Americas and five times bigger than Europe's.

"We believe these commitments are but the first instalments of further efforts by governments to use low-carbon growth as a key lever for economic recovery," HSBC analysts Nick Robins and Robert Clover said in a report.

In Australia, analysts expect private and government investments in clean energy projects to reach A$20-A$30 billion ($27.6-$41.4 billion) by 2020.

The country plans to introduce the world's broadest emissions trading scheme, which will be its primary policy tool to drive reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and boost investment in clean energy.

As part of the biggest stimulus package to date, China has also earmarked the most to green-related projects. HSBC estimates green-related investments will account for 34 percent, or $200 billion, of China's total stimulus package of $586 billion.

That will be on top of solar subsidies Beijing announced last month aimed at helping local manufacturers who face sagging international demand.

Japan and South Korea are also ramping up green investment, with Tokyo recently announcing plans to install solar systems in about 37,000 schools and offer subsidies of 100,000-250,000 yen ($1,009-$2,521) for each purchase of energy-efficient cars.

South Korea has set a target for alternative energy to account for 11 percent of total energy demand by 2030, compared with just 2.6 percent now. Investment required to meet that target is estimated at 111.5 trillion won ($88.3 billion).

The country has various policy initiatives, including a price support scheme for electricity from renewable sources similar to Germany's feed-in tariff, benefiting green energy suppliers.

HURDLES AHEAD

Asian renewable companies, including China's largest solar company, Suntech Power Holdings , and South Korean polysilicon firm DC Chemical , should benefit as governments push harder for the development of clean energy.

Analysts said incentives for the solar sector will go a long way to driving regional demand for solar energy systems, helping create bigger businesses for companies involved in the entire solar supply chain.

Makers of solar cells in Taiwan including Motech Industries Inc , E-Ton Solar Tech Co and Gintech Energy Corp should benefit, while boosting business opportunities for panel makers like Japan's Kaneka Corp , Sanyo Electric Co Ltd and Sharp , and China's Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd and JA Solar .

Industry experts say most investments may go to wind power projects, which are the cheaper option, benefiting wind turbine makers such as India's Suzlon Energy Ltd and China's Xinjiang Goldwind Science & Technology Co Ltd .

Governments' green push should also help smaller alternative energy companies like China Solar Photovoltaic SA .

"We were very encouraged by China's new policy, though it is too early to say what the impact will be as the detailed guidelines have yet to come out," said Veerraju Chaudary, chief operating officer at China Solar.

Analysts say there are hurdles ahead, however.

Most investors want to see clarity in regulations for government incentives, and tight credit and strained government budgets could limit the flow of funds to some projects.

"The subsidies showed the government is committed to supporting the industry, but that's not enough," said Zhenhua Pan, deputy general manager of solar firm Jetion Holdings Ltd . "Subsidies should also apply to solar power stations, especially in the remote inland areas not covered by the national power grid."

China's offer of a subsidy of up to 20 yuan ($2.93) per watt on rooftop and building-integrated solar projects still lacks detail on how it will be implemented, and it's unclear if the same level of financial incentive will be available to other types of solar projects.

A sharp fall in the price of carbon-based energy, meanwhile, has discouraged investors from spending more on expensive renewables, but industry experts believe government incentives could win businesses back to green projects.

"Cheap oil may have discouraged investments in alternative energy, but subsidies and tax breaks are helping make these projects commercially viable," said Asia Green's Kerkwijk.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatINTERVIEW-Mitsui sees big shift to renewables in U.N. CO2 scheme

BEIJING, April 23 (Reuters) - Japanese trading firm Mitsui and Co said on Thursday the days of easy, high-yielding projects under the U.N.'s scheme to cut carbon emissions were numbered and that renewables and energy efficiency projects were now the focus.

Abatement of powerful greenhouse gases hydrofluorocarbons, such as HFC-23, and nitrous oxide had fallen out of favour despite dominating the early stages of the U.N's Clean Development Mechanism (CDM), said Mitsui executive Ryohei Aoyama.

"HFC or N20 reduction has no bright future after 2012," Aoyama, head of the company's emission reductions business department.

Mitsui has invested in clean-energy projects mainly from China, and then selling the offsets to Japanese companies, for nearly 10 years, according to Aoyama.

Under the Kyoto Protocol's CDM scheme, rich countries such as Japan can meet their U.N. greenhouse gas reduction targets by buying CERs, or Certified Emission Reductions, issued by the United Nations to clean-energy projects in developing nations.

Although HFC is a greenhouse gas, the use of the CDM to cut refrigerants has been controversial, with some countries -- including China -- accused of deliberately increasing output in order to boost carbon trading revenues.

Many also regard projects that capture and destroy HFC and nitrous oxide from industrial processes as "low-hanging fruit" -- a cheap way to generate large amounts of carbon credits that contributes very little to global efforts to combat climate change.

Some are calling for the projects to be phased out or downgraded in any post-Kyoto agreement.

Aoyama said that investors have to think carefully about the kind of emissions that will be traded on the global market when the first phase of Kyoto expires in 2012.

"The investment tendency will change from the chemical side and methane as well to renewable energy and energy efficiency," he said.

Wind power, solar or biomass, some developers say, are tougher to plan and build and much more in the spirit of the CDM, in which a core criterion of clean-energy projects in developing nations is that they must be "additional".

Meeting this criterion, the United Nations says, ensures carbon offsets are allocated only to projects that would otherwise have been unprofitable and therefore not built.

According to the Kyoto Protocol, Japan will need to meet its target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by six percent below 1990 levels between 2008 and 2012. So far, it has bought more CERs than any other industrialised country and is significantly above its Kyoto target.

Delegates from nearly 200 countries plan to meet in the Danish capital Copenhagen in December to hold discussions on a successor to the Kyoto Protocol.

The CDM is likely to face major reforms if the outlines of a broader climate pact from 2013 is agreed at the end of the year.

Aoyama hoped to see an agreement on sectoral emission plans, but said even among developed countries a consensus has not yet been reached.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatWith federal money promising development, investors look to green energy 
1 May 2009

DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - When President Barack Obama stood in front of wind turbine towers in a Newton, Iowa, factory last week he was not only pushing his green energy policies but promoting an industry that has been growing rapidly and gaining favor with investors.

Revenue from solar, wind power, ethanol and biodiesel fuel grew 50 percent to about $116 billion last year, according to Clean Edge Inc., a research and publishing firm. The spike in green revenue, and the backing of the federal government to explore these energy sources has excited investors.

"They favor green investment right now because they think that's the way the world is going," said David Wood, director of the Institute for Responsible Investment at Boston College's Center for Corporate Citizenship.

The federal stimulus package includes $17 billion for the current fiscal year to upgrade and expand the antiquated national power grid. It also allocates $11 billion to develop a smart grid -- an electronically controlled distribution system that will be much more efficient.

All told, last year global investments in energy technologies expanded by 4.7 percent to $155 billion, according to research and consulting company New Energy Finance Ltd.

"The smartest investors put their own personal prejudices aside," said Jeff Siegel, managing editor of Green Chip Stocks, an investment advisory service. "Many people think global warming is propaganda, but they're aware that the bottom line is climate change legislation is going to happen. Investors smart enough to realize this know there's an opportunity there."

THE WIND INDUSTRY

Investors looking to put their cash into an area that's seen tremendous growth might look to wind energy, said Ron Pernick, a spokesman for Clean Edge Inc. Wind has jumped ahead of other green energy sources because innovations in turbine technology (think: windmills) have improved the efficiency and made systems the most cost effective alternative. Turbines can generate electricity with wind speeds starting at 8 to 16 miles per hour according to the U.S. Department of Energy.

Turbines are typically built in groups on wind farms where the wind is the strongest. The largest U.S. wind farm is near Abilene, Texas, with 421 turbines scattered across 47,000 acres.

"Of all renewable energy sectors, this is the one reaching the largest scale right now," Pernick said.

Another reason wind surged to the forefront is because many states passed standards that require that a percentage of the state's electricity to be made from renewable energy sources.

California, Iowa, Oregon and Texas are among those with such goals. That pushes utility companies such as AES Corp, Alliant Energy and MidAmerican Energy to invest in wind farm ownership or at least buy a portion of their energy from wind providers to meet the minimum green energy requirements.

THE PLAYERS

Because it's an emerging technology, investors may choose to get involved by owning a piece of larger conglomerates such as General Electric Co. Its energy division lead the industry in newly installed turbines in the U.S. last year. It provided roughly 48 percent of the more than 5,000 turbines installed according to the American Wind Energy Association. This added an additional 3,657 megawatts.

In its 2008 annual report, GE said its energy division brought in 21 percent of revenue for the year. That includes technologies developed to harness wind, oil, gas and water.

The division has seen a 53 percent increase in revenue over the past three years and a 73 percent increase in profit due to worldwide demand for energy and alternative sources of power.

GE shares are trading in the $12 range, well off their 52-week high of $34.

Trinity Structural Towers, the Iowa company President Obama visited last week, is a division of Dallas-based Trinity Industries Inc. (TRN), a diversified company with railroad car, highway construction materials and wind turbine tower divisions.

Shares of the company have gained nearly 18 percent since Obama's visit. They were trading 12 percent higher, near $15 a share and have traded between $6 and $41 over the last year.

But significant growth in wind turbine installations was propelled forward by many European manufacturers. They've set up factories and distribution centers in the United States to meet demand for turbines, blades, and other large components that are too expensive to import.

Many are traded in the United States including Vestas Wind Systems (VWSYF), which was second only to GE in terms of the wind power it supplied last year -- some 1,120 megawatts.

Siemens AG (SI), the German industrial conglomerate, with 791 megawatts, was third in terms of installed capacity.

Other leaders investors may look to are Spain's Gamesa Corp. and Britain's Clipper Windpower, both considered pure play companies because they focus just on wind energy production.

THE CONSIDERATIONS

Because many wind energy companies are foreign-based there are always geopolitical and currency risks to weigh. Investors also will want to be wary of emerging companies with unproven ideas. At a minimum, you'll want to be sure that the company is well capitalized and has a strong business model.

When investing in a fund, such as an exchange traded fund, Siegel of Green Chip Stocks recommends making sure it is balanced. Some funds are very sector specific, focusing on solar stocks, for example. If something were to happen to impact that industry such as a shortage of the electronic components that convert sunlight to electricity, your entire fund could crash. There are funds such as Market Vectors Global Alternative Energy ETF Trust (GEX), which includes wind, solar, geothermal and other business types.

As you look for investment opportunities, be aware that the global economic slump began hitting the renewable energy sector hard late last year and it's continued into the first quarter.

Global new investment in clean energy fell 53 percent to $13 billion in the first quarter of this year compared with the same period a year ago. That's mostly due to inadequate bank financing, a result of the credit crunch and low stock market confidence from the continuing recession.

In the United States, financing of new projects fell by $500 million, down from $5 billion in the first quarter of 2008. Analysts at New Energy Finance said the dramatic fall illustrates how badly government stimulus money needs to begin flowing to businesses.

So, whether you're interested in investing directly into a green energy company, or seeking out a mutual fund, you have many choices to consider if you've been thinking of a greener investment strategy.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Wathkskyline said:



Wind power companies envision unplugged 
Hawaiian Islands connected by clean electricity grid

Click to expand...

Hawaii is one of the best possible places to build geothermal power stations. Are there any plans for geothermal power?Fragile and expendable, finger-thin undersea cables tie the world together 
31 January 2008

NEW YORK (AP) - The lines that tie the globe together by carrying phone calls and Internet traffic are just two-thirds of an inch (1.68 centimeters) thick where they lie on the ocean floor. 

The foundation for a connected world seems quite fragile, an impression reinforced this week when a break in two cables in the Mediterranean Sea disrupted communications across the Middle East and into India and neighboring countries. 

Yet the network itself is fairly resilient. In fact, cables are broken all the time, usually by fishing lines and ship anchors, and few of us notice. It takes a confluence of factors for a cable break to cause an outage. 

"Most telecom companies have capacity at multiple systems, so if one goes out, they simply reroute to a different system," said Stephan Beckert, analyst at research firm TeleGeography in Washington. "It's just that in this case, both the main route and the backup route got cut for a lot of companies." 

The two cables -- FLAG Europe Asia and SEA-ME-WE 4 -- were cut on the ocean floor just north of Alexandria, Egypt. 

By an accident of geography and global politics, Egypt is a choke point in the global communications network, just as it is with global shipping. The reasons are the same: The country touches both the Mediterranean and the Red Sea, which flows into the India Ocean. 

The slim fiber-optic cables that carry the world's communications are much like ships, in that they're the cheapest way for carrying things over long distances. Pulling cable overland is much more expensive and requires negotiation with landowners and governments. 

So fiber-optic cables that go from Europe to India take the sea route via Egypt's Suez Canal, just as ships do. 

Another Mediterranean cable makes land not far away, in Israel. 

But there's no cable overland from Israel into Jordan and to the Persian Gulf, which could have provided a redundant connection for the Gulf States and India. Going overland would have been more expensive and politically difficult -- Israel and Arab countries would have to cooperate. 

There is also no route that goes through Russia, Iran and Pakistan to India. The terrain is rugged, Pakistan is politically unstable, and India and Pakistan are not on good terms. 

With two of the three cables passing through Suez cut, traffic from the Middle East and India intended for Europe was forced to route eastward, around most of the globe. 

The main route goes through Japan and the United States, crossing both the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans. According to Beckert, this is normally the cheap way to go for Indian traffic, since capacity is high. However, the distance means more time required to reach Europe and get a response. 

The other route from India to Europe goes over China into Russia and along the Trans-Siberian railroad. 

Egypt is not the only choke point in the global network. The ocean just south of Taiwan proved to be one in December 2006, when an earthquake cut seven of eight cables passing through the area, slowing down communications in Hong Kong and other parts of Asia for months. 

Another possible vulnerability is the U.S. island of Guam in the Pacific Ocean. It is the spider at the center of a web cables from the United States, Japan, Australia, the Philippines and China. 

Both cables that connect the United States to Australia and New Zealand run over Hawaii, creating another choke point. 

These bottlenecks are likely to go away, however, as telecoms build more and more lines. Another U.S.-Australia line is scheduled to be completed soon, according to Beckert, and a U.S.-China line that bypasses Japan is also in the works. 

But it will be years before the network across Asia is as resilient as the trans-Atlantic network, where multiple high-capacity lines over different routes provide a connection that's almost impossible to disrupt. And the factors that make the Suez Canal a vulnerable point now will likely remain. 

Mustafa Alani, head of security and terrorism department at the Dubai-based Gulf Research Center, said the outage should be a "wake-up call" for governments and professionals to divert more resources to protect vital infrastructure. 

"This shows how easy it would be to attack" communications networks, he said. 

Yet the owners of the undersea cables aren't very concerned with terrorism, according to Beckert. They're too busy worrying about fishing boats. 

"They want to publish maps of their cables as widely as possible, so fishing crews know where they are," Beckert said. "The risk of accidental cuts is much, much greater than the risk of deliberate cuts."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatInteresting map of undersea internet cables. Which companies actually supply and maintain these lines?Bescherm de dieren tegen de beesten.Interesting map to see!Nice map!World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatWow, I never knew there were so many cables.GREAT map.Man, it seems that no one talks to AustraliaCalling occupants of interplanetary craft...Two more coming down the sides of Africa at least...should be there by 2009 =) They're called EASSy and SEACOM.CAPE TOWNactually the heading is a bit misleading, as the recent news is the cables have been disconnectedSome of the cables have been cut...if they all were you wouldn't have being able to post that most likely.CAPE TOWNLooking at this, is easy to see why web pages are often so slow when viewing from New Zealand (and sometimes Australia as well) so little bandwidth reaching there.I'm doing my bit to save bandwidth by deleting my signatureThis really is what holds the Earth together as one community.Is this (union) possible with satellites?Lebanon
Roma | Firenze | Pisa | Vatican City
New York City | Quebec City 
Jerusalem | Amman
Havana
​What's the thing with the Dubai cable? It's been cut off several times now...

http://www.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/meast/02/01/internet.outage/index.htmlI
|*|SWEDEN:The Northern Attraction|*|Open Skies, Open Minds|*|Sweden and the Swedes|*|Also a cable between Dubai and Qatar was cut.. Maybe they are talking about the same one.@Halawala
#R4BIA #thankyouHAMAD​@ city_thing




Man, it seems that no one talks to Australia 

Click to expand...

^^ Well, at least there is still a regular amount of Australia-U.S. "connections."

You should look at Africa. It seems like its "connections" don't even appear or have-a-blip on the radar screen. Internet connectivity there is so negligible.Density of the CityInteresting... I thougt we were connected through satellites...Fiber optic cables allow for a higher speed and bigger data capacities transmissions then a satellite signals.I am the eye in the sky, Looking at you 
I can read your mind 
I am the maker of rules, Dealing with fools 
I can cheat you blind.Honolulu should have more but its in a good position knowing that it isn't in the Top 20 biggest U.S. cities.H o n o l u l u*​Hawaii​AltinD said:



Fiber optic cables allow for a higher speed and bigger data capacities transmissions then a satellite signals.

Click to expand...

Actually the biggest advantage of cables is that the signal doesn't have to do a 72,000km round trip.Ethanol may not be answer to US oil dependence: critics 

DETROIT, Michigan, May 2, 2006 (AFP) - As concerns mount over soaring gasoline prices and the United States' dependence on foreign oil, ethanol is emerging as a controversial balm for the nation's growing energy problem. 

Politicians and automakers say the corn-based biofuel can reduce demand for gasoline. By using more ethanol, advocates say, gasoline (petrol) prices would come down, air quality would improve, and American farmers would benefit. 

But some critics say there are far more effective alternatives than a fuel which requires massive energy inputs to produce. 

"I wish ethanol were everything that advocates say it is, but it is terrible that this has been latched on to and proposed to be a solution to our liquid fuels problem," said David Pimentel, a Cornell University ecology and agricultural sciences professor. 

Not only does ethanol require 30 percent more energy input than what is produced, Pimentel said, but crop pesticides and fertilizers cause water pollution and other environmental problems. 

At the same time, he said, farmers stand to receive billions in federal subsidies. 

For its part, the National Ethanol Vehicle Coalition said ethanol production has become less energy-intensive over the last 20 years, and will continue to improve. 

There are two types of ethanol gasoline: E10, a blend which contains 10 percent ethanol, can be used in any vehicle and is already used in 40 percent of all gasoline sold in the United States; and E85, a blend which uses 85 percent ethanol and requires specially made vehicles. 

Although automakers are on board, even touting their products, the question is whether consumers will warm to vehicles that require a different fuel and engine. 

A J.D. Power and Associates' study reported that only 7.23 percent of all new car buyers last year said that "environmental impact" was a key factor in their buying decision. 

Added Pimentel: "I think the public will buy into it, but only until the facts get out. They'll find out that this is not solving our energy problem." 

There are other challenges. For one, ethanol achieves lower mileage than traditional gasoline, according to www.fueleconomy.gov . 

The website shows, for example, that a 2006 Chevy Monte Carlo can travel a combined 25 miles (40 kilometers) per gallon on gasoline, but only 19 miles (31 kilometers) per gallon on E85. By comparison, a 2006 Toyota Prius hybrid gets 55 miles (88 kilometers) per gallon. 

Another problem is the lack of infrastructure. There are about 180,000 gasoline stations in the United States, but only 600 or so ethanol stations, according to the National Ethanol Vehicle Coalition. 

Most of those are in the Midwest. The number of ethanol stations is expected to grow to 2,000 this year, thanks to a tax credit for station owners who install E85 pumps. 

Some say it's worth it. 

President George W. Bush said he wants to increase ethanol production to replace 30 percent of gasoline demand by 2030 in order to stanch the nation's growing reliance on foreign oil. 

In January, two Midwestern senators sponsored a bill that would require automakers to annually increase the number of vehicles capable of burning E85 until nearly all vehicles are so equipped. 

General Motors Corp., still smarting from being late to market on hybrid technology, has launched an ad campaign touting ethanol. Hybrid leader Toyota Motor recently said it would consider building ethanol-friendly vehicles. 

Chrysler Corp. plans to add three new vehicles to its lineup of E85 flexible-fuel vehicles this fall: The Jeep Grand Cherokee and Commander SUVs, and the Dodge Dakota pickup. 

The manufacturer expects to sell 250,000 E85-fueled vehicles in 2007 and 500,000 in 2008. Nearly all of the company's E85 vehicles have been sold to fleet customers -- at least half of those to government agencies -- but the new versions will be sold directly to consumers. 

By the end of this year Ford Motor Co. will have sold two million E85 vehicles. 

Earlier this year Ford introduced the Escape Hybrid E85, a research vehicle that marries hybrid electric power and flex-fuel capability, and is said to produce 25 percent less carbon dioxide than a gasoline-fueled Escape hybrid. 

In all there are about six million E85-compatible vehicles on the road.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatThe MOST PRATICAL WAY for US Gov't to reduce oil dependence is to put more resources on the public transportation instead of private transportation! :speech:A Hong Kong Guy who was born in HK!Yes, I think that it will, just matter of time that we Americans taking alternatives!*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoA few mistakes:

"There are two types of ethanol gasoline: E10, a blend which contains 10 percent ethanol, can be used in any vehicle and is already used in 40 percent of all gasoline sold in the United States; and E85, a blend which uses 85 percent ethanol and requires specially made vehicles."

In the US maybe. Brasil mixes all gasoline with 20-25% ethanol depending on the season, and the one labled ethanol is 95% ethanol, 5% water. 

"Hybrid leader Toyota Motor recently said it would consider building ethanol-friendly vehicles. "

Theyre launching their first ethanol models in Brasil this year. All theyd have to do was expand the line to include cars shipped to the US.I don't think it can make a significant enough dent.

We need to be thinking more long term.

And even if ethanol would reduce, it would still not deal with carbon dioxide emissions.Livin' la Vida Neoyorquina​DonQui said:



I don't think it can make a significant enough dent.

We need to be thinking more long term.

And even if ethanol would reduce, it would still not deal with carbon dioxide emissions.

Click to expand...

While you are thinking, those big oil companies continue to gualp down billions and billions of dollars each day. Maybe we should just dreaming... :cheers:*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoChicagoSkyline said:



While you are thinking, those big oil companies continue to gualp down billions and billions of dollars each day. Maybe we should just dreaming... :cheers:

Click to expand...

huh?Livin' la Vida Neoyorquina​DonQui said:



I don't think it can make a significant enough dent.

We need to be thinking more long term.

And even if ethanol would reduce, it would still not deal with carbon dioxide emissions.

Click to expand...

We don't really need it to make a huge dent, we just need an alternative to fuels in use now. I've got a V6 right now, and it only takes supreme, so gas easily costs 35-40USD. It's not much, but the rate at which it's increasing is insane, and those like me who drive about 240-300 miles a week really feel the effects. I think the good idea (as someone else mentioned in a seperate thread) is for cities to improve public transportation, something that can be wildly popular if cleaned up in certain cities.Apophysis fractal & 3D artist + photographergrzes said:



We don't really need it to make a huge dent, we just need an alternative to fuels in use now. I've got a V6 right now, and it only takes supreme, so gas easily costs 35-40USD. It's not much, but the rate at which it's increasing is insane, and those like me who drive about 240-300 miles a week really feel the effects. I think the good idea (as someone else mentioned in a seperate thread) is for cities to improve public transportation, something that can be wildly popular if cleaned up in certain cities.

Click to expand...

I totally agree, it can be a great alternative, since our total dependence on foreign oil can reduce to the point that they will cut back the price to lure back the oil consumption.
Yes, by vitalizing our metro and suburbian public transportations like railway and buses and also reduce our consumption as well!*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoOr we could just begin wholesale drilling throughout Alaska, and become the biggest oil-exporting nation on earth. I mean, please. Alaska might be pretty, but how many of us are *really* ever going to personally set foot anywhere within a thousand miles of it?

Personally, I think it would be rather nice to have gas that's nearly free, abolish the IRS, and see every American citizen get a check for a thousand dollars or more every month in oil revenue dividends like Kuwaiti citizens do. Yeah, it's possible. Read the Alaska reports *very* carefully. The area proposed for active drilling in ANWR right this minute (whose small potential is used to justify "it's not worth the cost because it's only x million barrels of oil) is microscopic. If, in fact, wholesale drilling took place throughout the area and not just within that tiny area, it's believed that there's enough oil up there to make the Saudi oil fields look dry by comparison.

If nothing else, it would be amusing to watch every greenie on Earth have a stroke and spontaneously combust at the thought of free gas for Americans, with enough surplus to enable a Hummer in every new Chinese single family home's 3-car garage in its future sprawling suburban megalopoli, with 16-lane freeways every 5-10 miles and Texas-like 6-8 lane "arterial freeways" every mile lined with strip malls and fast food restaurants that make Houston look like a model for compact transit-oriented dense urban "Smart Growth" by comparison :cheers:miamicanes said:



Or we could just begin wholesale drilling throughout Alaska, and become the biggest oil-exporting nation on earth. I mean, please. Alaska might be pretty, but how many of us are *really* ever going to personally set foot anywhere within a thousand miles of it?

Click to expand...

The US can drill every square inch of Alaska and it still won't export as much oil as Saudi Arabia... and the US would probably use most of the oil domestically and not export it in any event.

I think ethanol is promising in the relative short term, to help keep soaring oil prices in check somewhat. Of course, right now using ethanol would drive prices up even more (considering that it's more expensive to produce and the one-time costs of revamping the infrastructure that would be reflected in the price). As the technology develops and becomes more efficient to produce, I think oil-ethanol blends will be useful. However I say relative short term because ethanol is simply not a long-term substitute for oil, which is what we should really be looking for.I have nothing against free gas, but hybrids (at least in the US) were created to help fight the problem of pollution which is why they are such a viable alternative to "regular" vehicles. They were in production before the price increases back when gas was still under $3 (weren't those the days?). An increase of SUVs and Hummers would actually be disasterous to us, because it would create a "mini" Los Angeles everwhere because of high smog concentrations in large cities. Another piece of the puzzle is how do we bring down fuel (not oil based gas) prices, thus decreasing all relative costs and reduce vehicle emission (that's where Global Warming picks up). 

P.S. It's illegal to drill in or build on wildlife reserves, the government will block it. The current regulations (like Integrated Waste Management and Garden cities) are being passed to help fight pollution and make the mass population aware of our environmental footprint and to try to right at least some of the wrongs.

Edit : Toyota is slowly becoming more of an option when it comes time for me to buy my first "new" car... probably will be a hybrid.Apophysis fractal & 3D artist + photographerEthanol isnt effective as it requires more energy to produce, then it returns.

Biodiesel is a different story. Its usually made from soybeans, and actually icreases mileage over regular diesel. It also acts as a lubricant and saves money on maintainence.

www.biodiesel.org

Hybrids arnt the answer as nobody has begun to discuss the cost and environmental ramifications of all those old spent batteries. They also produce more NOx emissions than regular cars.Isn't Ethanol one of the reasons that gas prices are so high right now?SkyscraperCity SOOMAALIYAczm3 said:



Ethanol isnt effective as it requires more energy to produce, then it returns.

Biodiesel is a different story. Its usually made from soybeans, and actually icreases mileage over regular diesel. It also acts as a lubricant and saves money on maintainence.

www.biodiesel.org

Hybrids arnt the answer as nobody has begun to discuss the cost and environmental ramifications of all those old spent batteries. They also produce more NOx emissions than regular cars.

Click to expand...


Yeah, if it takes more energy to make ethanol I don't see the point of producing it. Maybe we should make cars that run on small nuclear reactors.  

Seriously though, I think when we get fusion energy to work it will solve most of our future energy problems.I've heard that ethanol is not economically viable.

In between the tractors harvesting the corn and the trucks dropping it off at the plant, the process to create ethanol uses more in fossil fuels than it gives back in ethanol equivalents.

The only reason we use some of it right now is because the government heavily subsidizes it.

But if we talk about massively increasing the use of ethanol from whatever meager amount it is right now, to significatly reducing oil by double digit figures, then those subsidies will no longer be viable.hkth said:



The MOST PRATICAL WAY for US Gov't to reduce oil dependence is to put more resources on the public transportation instead of private transportation! :speech:

Click to expand...

blah blah

Question: why uses the US that much oil just for heating houses ?
I.m.h.o. a lot of oil could be saved by just deploying more city-warming installations (e.g. in powerplants). That's far more fuel-effective than every house it's own oiltank...U.S. says ethanol use to double by 2012 
By Tom Doggett 

WASHINGTON, Dec 5 (Reuters) - U.S. ethanol demand is expected to more than double by 2012 to 11.2 billion gallons a year, exceeding the 7.5 billion gallon requirement under a U.S. energy law, the federal Energy Information Administration said on Tuesday. 

The government is pushing more ethanol use to blend into gasoline as a way to domestic motor fuel supplies and make the U.S. less dependent on foreign oil supplies. 

U.S. demand for ethanol has also jumped as the oil industry uses it as a replacement for gasoline additive MTBE, a suspected carcinogen banned in several states. 

Ethanol demand by 2030 is seen reaching 14.6 billion gallons a year, equal to about 8 percent of expected total gasoline consumption by volume at that time, the Energy Department's analytical arm said. 

"The ethanol supply is expected to be produced from both corn and cellulose feedstocks...but domestically grown corn is expected to be the primary source, accounting for 13.6 billion gallons of ethanol production in 2030," the EIA said. 

Current U.S. ethanol production is roughly 5.121 billion gallons per year (gpy), or about 334,000 barrels per day, according to the Renewable Fuels Association, roughly 1.2 billion gpy below demand. [ID:nN27543610] 

Plans for new ethanol plants already in the books will make up for this shortfall, but some of the projects may take years to come on line. In the meantime, shortfalls are expected to be made up through imports. 

The agency is also forecasting more cars and trucks will be on the highways in the years ahead that run on both traditional gasoline and motor fuel that is 85 percent ethanol. 

Sales of these flex-fuel vehicles are expected to reach 2 million a year in 2030, or 10 percent of total sales of new light-duty vehicles. 

In addition to ethanol, the EIA said demand for other alternative energy sources like biodiesel and liquid fuels made from coal is projected to increase substantially, in part, because of higher prices for traditional fuels. 

Tax breaks and other financial incentives included in last year's energy law will also help alternative energy sources grow. 

Nonetheless, traditional energy sources, such as crude oil, natural gas and burned coal, are projected to provide about the same 86 percent share of total U.S. energy supply in 2030 as is the current case, absent any changes in current laws and regulations, the EIA said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatUS ethanol faces distribution obstacles - expert 
By Carey Gillam 

KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec 4 (Reuters)- Ethanol, darling of U.S. corn producers, is facing distribution challenges as production skyrockets in a quest to wean America from its dependence on foreign oil, an industry expert said on Monday. 

The majority of ethanol is shipped in single rail cars, but as production booms, unit train facilities - both current and proposed - are expected to prove woefully inadequate, Steve Bleyl, CEO of the Renewable Products Marketing Group, told a conference of National Grain and Feed Association executives meeting in Kansas City. 

"It will get delivered but it won't be as efficient. And the bottom line is if we can't be efficient, we're going to get higher expenses," Bleyl said in an interview. 

Ethanol is an alternative fuel produced in the United States mostly by fermenting and distilling corn. It can be blended with gasoline to reduce harmful emissions. 

Increased demand for ethanol has helped push corn prices to a 10-year high and U.S. stockpiles are now expected to be halved in the coming year. Ethanol is forecast to consume 20 percent of this year's corn crop. 

There currently are only four existing unit-train receiving facilities to handle ethanol, two on each coast, and 10 to 12 currently proposed, including facilities in Dallas and Atlanta. 

In comparison, there are over 1,000 such facilities for gasoline, and oil companies remain the dominant force for infrastructure expansion, Bleyl said. 

Currently there are 107 operating ethanol plants, with 44 under construction, and nine expansions aimed at increasing currently estimated 5 billion gallons of ethanol production by more than 3 billion gallons in the next 18 months. 

Investors are examining the issue and evaluating many options for rail as well as barge options, ethanol plant locations and other factors, according to Bleyl said. 

But investors are largely reluctant to put too much capital into new facilities until the volume is large enough to support the investments. And until sufficient facilities exist, delivery will be less efficient and more costly, keeping some pressure on supplies. 

"It's the chicken and the egg. Production is one thing but you've got to get it delivered," Bleyl said. 

Talk of an ethanol pipeline is similarly problematic, he said. "You've got to make sure you've got the volume. It's a huge hurdle." 

ProExporter Network principal Bill Hudson, who also spoke to conference attendees, said that despite delivery obstacles, ethanol should become increasingly attractive as an fuel alternative. 

Ethanol prices are forecast to trend substantially lower than pump prices for gasoline between now and 2015, Hudson said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatEthanol Makers Join Food Vs. Fuel Debate 
2 August 2007

JOHNSTON, Iowa (AP) - Ethanol producers are clamoring over food industry claims that prices on everything from popcorn to soda are skyrocketing because of the rising demand for corn to make the renewable fuel. 

Ethanol backers in Iowa focused their ire on the industry, particularly the popcorn market, during a news conference here Wednesday. 

"We're here today to pop the popcorn propaganda bubble," said Monte Shaw, executive director of the Iowa Renewable Fuels Association. 

Standing in front of 11 large plastic bags containing 38.5 pounds of popcorn, Shaw claimed a person could buy that amount directly from a farmer for $5. He pointed to a bag of movie theater popcorn on a nearby table and said it costs the consumer just as much, if not more. 

Some food companies argue that escalating corn prices, sparked by the increasing demand for ethanol, has forced them to raise prices for items containing corn, including meat and dairy products from animals that are fed the grain. It's been dubbed the "food-versus-fuel debate." 

When it comes to popcorn, Shaw said, recent claims that movie-goers will pay 25 cents more per bag of popcorn because of the ethanol demand is ridiculous. 

The $5 bucket of movie popcorn, he said, contains just .15 pounds of corn before popping. Based on 9-cents-per-pound rate that farmers made on the corn last year, that bucket contained slightly more than a penny of popcorn, he said. Higher corn prices means the moviegoer is getting about 2 cents of popcorn per bucket, he said. 

"It just shows that there's no way that that small increase in the price of popcorn that the farmer gets justifies the large increases that they're talking about at the movie theater," he said. "And, this is true for so many other things." 

For example, a six-pack of soda contains just 6 cents worth of corn sweeter -- or about a penny a can, said Craig Floss, chief executive officer of the Iowa Corn Promotion Board and the Iowa Corn Growers Association. 

"So if your six-pack of soda is going up any more than about six cents in this food-versus-fuel debate, than somebody else is profiting, and it certainly isn't the huge profits going to the Iowa corn grower," he said. 

Tracy Boever, a spokeswoman for the American Pop Corn Co. in Sioux City, which makes Jolly Time brand popcorn, said the company hasn't been blaming anyone for higher prices, but "the fact remains that there are only so many acres of land and the popcorn industry, along with others, are competing for those acres." 

The company's president, Garrett Smith, recently told The Des Moines Register that the demand for corn has led to a 65 percent increase in contract costs to get farmers to plant his product -- the highest increase he's seen in 30 years. 

"The reality is that we have not raised our prices, nor do we set movie theater concession prices," Boever said. 

Shaw said consumers should instead look at transportation costs when it comes to rising food prices. 

"So with the price of gasoline going up, and the price of diesel fuel going up, that probably has a bigger impact on the price at the grocery store and the movie theater than what the farmer is getting," he said. 

-------- 

On the Net: 

Iowa Renewable Fuels Association: http://www.iowarfa.org 

------ 

WAPAKONETA, Ohio (AP) -- Petting zoos, wagon rides and other forms of agritourism are flourishing in Ohio, but public relations specialists suggest that farmers hoping to attract visitors become savvy in marketing and business regulations. 

"It's doing your homework," said Louise Mikesell-Wireman, marketing specialist for the Toledo-based Center for Innovative Food Technology. "And it's knowing how to market your product. A lot of farmers are great at what they do, but they're not marketers." 

More than 6,200 Ohio farms sold corn, strawberries and other products and services to the public right from the farm in 2002, up from 5,800 farms in 1997, according to the U.S. Census of Agriculture. They posted more than $37 million in direct sales, up from $30 million. 

One of them was Carl Young, who operates Young's Jersey Dairy. 

With nearly 300 employees who oversee educational tours, miniature golf, a go-cart track, gift shop and restaurant, the operation attracts nearly 1.3 million visitors each year. 

Young's son, Ben, said the key to the family's success was starting small and growing slowly. He said agritourism typically begins with a roadside stand, then expands to include interactive attractions, such as pick-your-own produce, and finally graduates to year-round activities that require parking lots and restrooms. 

Young said one of the biggest challenges is public relations. 

"Someone has to be there to greet the guests and make them feel welcome, and the farmers themselves can't always do that if they're working," he said. 

Once the infrastructure is in place, farmers need to determine how much advertising they can afford. 

Those who cannot afford radio, television or newspaper advertising should seek out a good desktop publishing system and go the route of homemade newsletters, fliers and Web sites, said Mikesell-Wireman. Farmers may also want to entice visitors by offering free roadside samples or special discounts, she said. 

Mikesell-Wireman said farmers often encounter roadblocks in trying to start an agritourism venture because they are unaware of the regulations. 

Even a simple venture, such as an apple orchard opened to the public, comes with concerns, she said. 

For example, if students make field trips to a farm during school days, roads must be a certain width to allow bus access. Water from a well might be the natural choice for farmers in some areas, but the smell of sulfur is often a turnoff for visitors from the city, she said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatI didn't found any thread like this here. Here you can post pictures of classic cars. Unlike my Rare cars on your streets thread you are here allowed to post pictures of both common and rare cars. It doesn't matter where the pictures was taken. I have one simple rule. The pictures got to be taken by you or some friend. I don't want any pictures from the internet in this thread.

I will start out with this Volvo 142 I saw today in Ljungby^^ Beautiful exaple :cheers:

MB W116, spotted yesterday in a nearby city in my metro area:Thanks for your contribution and yes the Volvo 142 is nice :cheers: 

Here's some more pics. Most of them already posted in the Rare cars on your streets thread, but I think they deserve to be here as well  I might as well put them here now.

Mercedes Benz W115









Opel Rekord









Renault 12









Saab 95









Saab 99

























Volvo Amazon

















BMW 518

















:cheers:Spotted today in Rybnik, southern Poland. Two vintage vehicles from commie times.

Romanian Dacia 1310P










East German IFA S40001000city said:



Romanian Dacia 1310P

Click to expand...

During the communist era in Poland. Let's say in 1985. What new cars could you choose from ? 

Trabant: were these popular in Poland or mostly in the GDR ?
Wartburg
Moskwitsch
VAZ
Volga
Dacia
Skoda

Actually I think the Trabants were not sold in the Soviet union- correct ?

VAZ, Moskwitsch (very few) and Skoda were sold in Scandinavia in the 1970-80's but not Trabant, Volga, Wartburg and Dacia.

In Finland (western country) also Volga and Wartburg were sold. 

Skoda is now considered to be a full quality car because of VW cooperation, Dacia is a budget car with safety issues, Wartburg is gone, VAZ & Volga are not sold in western countries because of poor quality, pollution and safety issues.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationSome pictures I've taken here in Oslo (+ surroundings). These are a couple of years old though. Perhaps I will take some more recent one later!Continuing from last post.NordikNerd said:



In Finland (western country) also Volga and Wartburg were sold.

Click to expand...

Volga was also sold in Norway until 1980.^^
Those pictures from Oslo are very nice. This thread will in the summer become full of pictures by me taken in Växjö  Actually I saw a Mercedes-Benz R107 today but sadly I couldn't take any picsNordikNerd said:



During the communist era in Poland. Let's say in 1985. What new cars could you choose from ? 

Trabant: were these popular in Poland or mostly in the GDR ?
Wartburg
Moskwitsch
VAZ
Volga
Dacia
Skoda

Actually I think the Trabants were not sold in the Soviet union- correct ?

VAZ, Moskwitsch (very few) and Skoda were sold in Scandinavia in the 1970-80's but not Trabant, Volga, Wartburg and Dacia.

In Finland (western country) also Volga and Wartburg were sold. 

Skoda is now considered to be a full quality car because of VW cooperation, Dacia is a budget car with safety issues, Wartburg is gone, VAZ & Volga are not sold in western countries because of poor quality, pollution and safety issues.

Click to expand...

Trabant wasn't sold in Soviet Union. It was exported to Czechoslovakia, Hungary and Poland.1970s Opel Rekord in Växjö today 










:cheers:mini cooper!!licenseplateman said:



1970s Opel Ascona in Växjö today 










:cheers:

Click to expand...

This car sure brings back some memories from 1988/89 when I drove this 1973 Opel Rekord Coupé 1900L


Opel Rekord-FFS015The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationlicenseplateman said:



1970s Opel Ascona in Växjö today 

http://i1088.photobucket.com/albums/i323/licenseplateman/Cars/Opel3.jpg

:cheers:

Click to expand...

Rekord actually  I love Opel cars of 60s and 70s :chers:




NordikNerd said:



During the communist era in Poland. Let's say in 1985. What new cars could you choose from ? 

Trabant: were these popular in Poland or mostly in the GDR ?
Wartburg
Moskwitsch
VAZ
Volga
Dacia
Skoda

Click to expand...

The widest availability of eastern-block cars was in 1970s I guess. During all the 80's economy was in deep crisis and at the end of communism in 1989 Poland was literally bankrupt. I guess that's the reason why the choice of cars in 1985 wasn't wide. As I mentioned in rare cars thread if You had western money You could buy western car (mostly via state owned company). From imported soviet-block cars we could choose from Trabant, Wartburg, Skoda, Dacia, Lada, Zaporozhets. Moskvitch probably wasn't offered since around 1980, as I didn't see younger examples. IIRC Volgas generally were not available for private customers, only for state owned companies and institutions. Second hand Volgas were popular among taxidrivers. Not sure about Zastava - assembly in FSO plant ceased in 1983 I belive it wasn't available later on. Tatras were very rare, like Volgas available only to certain companies and institutions.

Some vintage commie-cars spotted in my city:

Trabant (and yes, it was quite popular here, but not as much as in GDR or Hungary)


















^^ Note the rear license plate frame :lol: ^^

Polski Fiat 125p (I had one of those in 2003, MY’67)









Polski Fiat 126p


















^^ We were so poor, that such car when new costed aprox. 4 years earnings of average worker :nuts: ^^

Two Skodas, now very rare, but spotted on the same dayEditlicenseplateman said:



Thanks for your contribution and yes the Volvo 142 is nice :cheers: 

Here's some more pics. Most of them already posted in the Rare cars on your streets thread, but I think they deserve to be here as well  I might as well put them here now.

Opel Rekord









:cheers:

Click to expand...

That car was also produced in Brazil but with a more attractive front part, and it was called Chevrolet Opala:



















It was extremely popular, being one of the best sold large Brazilian cars of all time - actually it continued in production until 1992, far longer than in Germany.

It had a different engine from the Opel Rekord.

Here is the 1975 facelift:










And the 1980 facelift:










And the last dinosaur in 1990:THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOI'll borrow some pictures of mine from the "rare cars thread"

Old Nissan Patrol at San Felipe (local beach), didn't know they existed on this side of the pond



1943 Willys MB (property of my stepfather , though he's selling it soon)



1950 Chevrolet Fleetline (I have seen it since I can remember)///M51967 Ford Mustang



Mercedes Benz SL. I spotted this car in LA metro area, the funny thing is that there was a newer model when we entered the restaurant (IHOP), had breakfast and when we left the old SL was exactly at the same place :lol:





MG Midget at Tijuana



Dunno what the heck this is, spotted at Ensenada///M5mopc said:



,catalog.com/img/pictonorzw/chevrolet_brasil/77opala.jpg[/IMG]

And the 1980 facelift:









Click to expand...

interesting, they didn't change the body on the new model like they did on the Opel Rekord in 1978 and 1983.



Galro said:



Continuing from last post.











Click to expand...

It looks like this photo is taken in Berlin  and do people usually park front to front ?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



It looks like this photo is taken in Berlin  and do people usually park front to front ?

Click to expand...

There are no rules on which way to park so it's up to the drivers decide. Many do and many do not. 


Here's a few more classic car pictures from Oslo. All taken by me.Post pictures of cars that are rare where you live. Please don't post internet pics. I will start with some old cars that i've seen recently in Växjö, Sweden 

Lada Samara








Opel Kapitän








Renault 12








Saab 95








:cheers:If the SAAB 95 is considered rare in sweden, it is almost non existant in other countries.

The Saab 95 is way more common than the Renault 12 (?)

Lada Samara was not an uncommon car in the 90's but now I rarely see them.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationCadillac Eldorado









Mini Minor Traveller









Fiat 500 Giardinetta









Alfa Romeo Alfasud Sprint Quadrifoglio VerdeFirst time ever I see a Giardinetta Fiat 500 estate. Very funny car, seems abandoned too. Actually I saw quite a few 1960's Fiat 500 (non estate) when I visited Italy a year ago. 





It's great looking car. Also enjoy the new one, but I'd rather drive a bigger car. 

The Alfa Sud was a rather common car in Sweden during the 1970-80's, now they all have disipeard, because of corosion. 

Italian cars in general are very rare nowadays here in Scandinavia. They don't fit into the climate and the need of swedish people who prefer bigger vehicles especially estate-waggons.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationLamborghini Gallardo









Porsche 928









Chevrolet Tahoe









Jeep Wagoneer









Hindustan AmbassadorNordikNerd said:



First time ever I see a Giardinetta Fiat 500 estate. Very funny car, seems abandoned too. Actually I saw quite a few 1960's Fiat 500 (non estate) when I visited Italy a year ago. 



Click to expand...

That's not a Fiat 500, but it's a Fiat 600Lancia Beta Montecarlo









Fiat 500 Topolino









Fiat 1200 Cabriolet









Mercedes-Benz 230 SL









Alfa Romeo 6C 1750Satyricon84 said:



Lancia Beta Montecarlo
Fiat 500 Topolino
[IMG]http://a5._n.jpg

Fiat 1200 Cabriolet
[Mercedes-Benz 230 SL
[Alfa Romeo 6C 1750








Click to expand...

those cars you found at an exhibition ? but do you see them on your streets ?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationthey were in my town, parked in the parking lot of a restaurant with some old others. Sure, they belongs to people living in the sorrounding towns, just they dont use every day, they are collectorsIt was the 2° Brianza Tour, they started from Monza and drove around in the surrounding towns and finished to eat in this restaurant.Here's some rare cars that I photographed today in Växjö

Lancia Dedra








Volvo 480 (Even though this is a Volvo, I hardly ever see them)NordikNerd said:



If the SAAB 95 is considered rare in sweden, it is almost non existant in other countries.

The Saab 95 is way more common than the Renault 12 (?)

Lada Samara was not an uncommon car in the 90's but now I rarely see them.

Click to expand...

The Renault is a Renault 12 as you say. At first I thought it was a Renault 15.licenseplateman said:



Here's some rare cars that I photographed today in Växjö

Lancia Delta








Click to expand...

This is not Lancia Delta, it's Lancia Dedra SWSatyricon84 said:



This is not Lancia Delta, it's Lancia Dedra SW

Click to expand...

Ok, everybody makes mistakes, even me :lol:^^ The front of Delta is similar, but the second series of Delta didn't exists in estate versionlicenseplateman said:



Here's some rare cars that I photographed today in Växjö

Lancia Dedra








Mazda Familia








Toyota (Not sure about what model, can it be a Tercel?)








Volvo 480 (Even though this is a Volvo, I hardly ever see them)








Click to expand...

The Lancia is very rare, first letter "T" for this 90's car means it's imported.

Lancia had succes in sweden with the Saab-Lancia 600 in the late 70's a swedish-italian joint venture, otherwise few Lancias sold here.

Mazda 323 early 80's uncommon but no sensation, same thing with the Toyota Starlet.

The Volvo 480 was a fail, already when entering the market in the late 80's ,the car had major electrical problems. It was manufactured in the Netherlands.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationhere in the streets of Quezon City, Philippines, the rare cars are:

Opel Astra Club Wagon (1999-2003)










^^ Opel discontinued dealership in the country in 2003/4. But parts and services remain available.


Honda HRV (model shown is 2000)










^^ sales were just lmtd.edtns...


BMW 750i (all year models)










^^ BMW 3 series is more common since they are more affordable than 5 and 7-series.

others are:

Mitsubishi Galant 2004 & up
Nissan Teana
Nissan Murano
Ford Mustang
Toyota Alphard
Audi A6....Kim Domingo....​CarltonHill said:



here in the streets of Quezon City, Philippines, the rare cars are:

Opel Astra Club Wagon (1999-2003)










^^ Opel discontinued dealership in the country in 2003/4. But parts and services remain available.


A6

Click to expand...

Interesting, is Opel considered to be an exclusive car in the phillipines?, probably jeeps and suvs are more popular there because of poor road quality in some areas.

Opel is one of the most common brands in sweden with volvo, saab, vw and audi.

In countries like UK,USA and Australia Opel is sold as Vauxhall, Cadillac Catera and Holden. Do these brands sell in the phillipines ?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationTwo rare cars photographed today in Växjö

Ford Granada








Lada Niva (I see this car quite often since it's abandoned outside an pizzeria not far from me)^^ Opel in Brazil is sold as ChevroletWaste Management taps clean power from garbage 

NEW YORK, June 27 (Reuters) - Waste Management Inc. said on Wednesday it will speed up its tapping of gas from rotting garbage to generate clean power from 60 landfills over five years. 

The company, the country's largest landfill operator, will spend $400 million to bring turbines to the dumps, boosting its power generation from such projects to to 700 megawatts of power a year, or enough power for about 700,000 homes, the company said. 

Waste Management will earn renewable energy credits it can bank or sell for its projects in states that have such programs. 

Alternative energy sources are growing in the United States amid high oil and natural gas prices and as the U.S. Congress debates bills that would put limits on greenhouse gases. 

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says about 425 U.S. landfills tap gas for power and an additional 560 dumps hold promising supplies of the fuel. 

Waste Management said landfills are more dependable than other sources of alternative energy. 

"Unlike wind power, which doesn't always blow, or solar which doesn't always shine, landfills produce gas constantly," Paul Pabor, Waste Management's vice president of renewable energy, said in an interview. 

Separately on Wednesday, Fujifilm said it would use landfill gas to power 40 percent of its manufacturing complex in South Carolina while cutting heat-trapping gases 10 percent. 

Rotting garbage produces a gas that is about half methane, which has about 20 times the heat-trapping potential of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas. Most landfills simply vent the gas to the atmosphere and those dumps are the largest source of human-related methane emissions in the country, according to the EPA. 

Pabor said landfills are often placed near urban areas which makes it more convenient than some other alternative sources of power, like wind turbine farms, which can sometimes be placed far from customers. 

Waste Management first generated power from garbage in the United States more than 20 years ago and about 100 of its 281 landfills tap the gas.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatBritain invests in waste digesting energy plants 

LONDON, Feb 18 (Reuters) - Britain is to invest in several anaerobic digestion plants as it seeks to cut emissions of greenhouse gas methane and boost renewable energy production, Farm Minister Hilary Benn said on Monday. 

Benn said the government would invest about 10 million pounds ($19.50 million) to help build several commercial-scale anaerobic digestion demonstration plants. 

Anaerobic digesters take slurry, grass clippings, food waste and other agricultural products to produce heat or electricity and cut emissions of potent greenhouse gas methane. 

Agriculture emits about 7 percent of Britain's greenhouse gases and an industry report last year suggested that anaerobic digestors could cut UK methane emissions from dairy, cattle and fattening pig enterprises by up to 75 percent. 

"Anaerobic digestion has a lot of potential, not least because it will help us meet three of our needs at the same time," Benn said, noting it produced renewable energy, reduced emissions of greenhouse gas methane and helped to divert organic waste from landfill. 

Germany builds around 1,000 digesters a year and leads the world in the technology with Britain trailing far behind. 

Energy Minister Malcolm Wicks told the conference that proposals to build anaerobic digestion plants would receive "the top level of support" under proposed reforms to the government's renewable energy policy. 

"Farmers have a vital role to play in the UK in meeting our climate change targets and increasing our energy security," Wicks said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatGarbage is dirty, but is it a clean fuel? 
Reuters
Tue May 20, 8:17 PM ET

About 45 minutes north of downtown Los Angeles, a machine the size of a small truck flattens tons of food scraps, paper towels and other household trash into the side of a growing 300-foot pile.

To Waste Management, which operates the landfill, this is more than just a mountain of garbage. Pipes tunneled deep into the mound extract gas from the rotting waste and send it to a plant that turns it into electricity.

Apart from the huge-wheeled compactor driving over garbage on its surface, it looks like an ordinary hillside. And it doesn't even smell. Yet it produces enough energy to power 2,500 homes in Southern California.

Trash, rubbish, whatever you call it, the 1.6 billion tonnes of stuff the world throws away each year -- 250 kilograms per person -- is being touted as a big potential source of clean energy.

As concerns about climate change escalate and prices on fossil fuels like oil and natural gas soar to record levels, more companies are investing in ways to use methane gas to power homes and vehicles.

Around the world, landfills where municipal waste is collected and buried are one of the biggest producers of methane, a gas whose greenhouse effect is 21 times worse than carbon dioxide. If instead that gas is collected and burned to generate electricity, proponents say the resulting emissions of carbon dioxide are less harmful to the environment than the original methane.

In the United States, trash haulers like Waste Management and Allied Waste Industries Inc are rapidly expanding the number of gas-to-energy projects at their landfills, while start-up companies are developing the latest technologies to transform garbage into ethanol, gas and electricity.

"We are able to take that resource and turn it into real value financially for us. In a very basic sense it helps improve our earnings," said Ted Neura, senior director of renewable energy development for Phoenix-based Allied Waste, which is turning waste into energy at 54 of its 169 U.S. landfills, with 16 more projects in the works.

The "green" credentials that go along with the waste-to-energy projects are an added benefit, Neura said.

"You begin to look at landfills a little differently when you couple them with a renewable energy project," he said.

Environmentalists aren't quite as enthusiastic. Nathanael Greene, director of renewable energy policy for the Natural Resources Defense Council, said touting the benefits of landfills was akin to putting "lipstick on a pig." Instead, we should be trying harder to reduce waste.

BIOGAS AROUND THE GLOBE

Biogas, another name for methane produced from waste, manure or other organic matter, is most developed in Europe, where Germany has 70 percent of the global market. In Britain, landfill gas makes up a quarter of the country's renewable energy, giving electricity to some 900,000 homes.

Waste-to-energy projects are also being expanded in the developing world, where rapid economic growth has led to a surge in municipal waste, but efforts to collect the methane emitted by rotting garbage have been slower.

Last year, the World Bank announced a deal to install a gas collection and electricity generation system at a landfill in Tianjin, China, saying the opportunities for other such projects in the world's most populous nation was enormous.

In less developed countries than China, however, a waste infrastructure needs to be installed before energy projects from landfills or garbage incinerators will make sense.

"Some of the developing countries are fascinated by the possibilities of introducing incineration," said Henrik Harjula, principal administrator for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. "The problem is normally that it is like putting a modern facility in the jungle. There is nobody to take care of the maintenance."

In the United States, technology to produce electricity from waste has existed since the 1970s, according to Waste Management's vice president of renewable energy, Paul Pabor, who said federal tax incentives introduced in 2005 and state mandates to produce a percentage of their power from renewable sources has fueled the recent growth in such projects.

Environmentalists recognize that turning methane into power is preferable to releasing it into the air, but quibble with the characterization of landfill gas as renewable.

"This is an environmentally preferable option, but it's not renewable in the sense that it's not something we can do forever," said the NRDC's Greene. "Before we go adding incentives for energy production from garbage, we need to first get the incentives right so that we are maximizing the amount of recycling we do."

RUBBISH TO REVENUE

Despite the arguments about how "green" landfill gas really is, Waste Management and Allied Waste are benefiting from their growing new revenue streams. Allied Waste's Neura said the company generates less than 5 percent of its revenue from sales of electricity, but is evaluating all of its landfills to determine how best to develop them.

Landfill energy projects are much smaller than gas or coal-fired power plants, producing about 5 megawatts (MW) of electricity each, on average, Neura said. That's about enough power for 4,000 homes.

Houston-based Waste Management, which already produces energy at 100 of its 280 U.S. landfills, plans to spend $400 million over the next five years to build an additional 60 landfill gas-to-energy plants.

To produce enough gas to make a power plant financially viable, landfills must contain a large amount of organic waste and have been in operation for several years, Pabor said. At the moment, they also have to be located in states where power prices are high enough that electricity from the landfill will be competitive with energy from the grid. Finally, they also need to be close enough to transmission lines that the interconnection costs do not get out of hand.

"As a public company, of course, we've got to invest our fund in projects that do make a return for the investors," Pabor said in an interview. He declined to say how much of the company's revenue comes from its energy projects.

TRASH TO TRUCKS

In its latest effort, Waste Management last month joined a growing number of companies that are using waste to power vehicles. In California, the company is building the largest-ever facility to turn landfill gas into liquefied natural gas to fuel its heavy-duty garbage collection trucks.

But big, established companies aren't the only ones using waste to replace fossil fuels.

One start-up company, Boston-based Ze-gen Inc, is creating what it says is a zero-emissions process for producing electricity from construction waste that it is diverting from landfills. Ze-gen, which is backed by venture capital firms Pinnacle Ventures LLC, Flagship Ventures and VantagePoint Venture Partners, through a gasification project turns waste into syngas, a combination of hydrogen and carbon monoxide.

Bill Davis, the company's chief executive, said Ze-gen's syngas is able to produce more energy than competing gases without the waste having to be buried. Ze-gen hopes to attract industrial customers that will be able to power their factories with both their own waste and Ze-gen's technology.

"We are talking to large companies who are really worried about the escalating price of oil or natural gas," Davis said.

General Electric Co is also working to adapt its gasification technology, which today is used to burn coal more cleanly, to turn municipal waste into a cleaner-burning gas.

Solena Group, which is backed by Spanish conglomerate Acciona SA, is developing a facility in California to make renewable jet fuel from municipal waste, and BlueFire Ethanol Fuels Inc is building its first cellulosic ethanol plant adjacent to a landfill in Lancaster, California, so it can use municipal waste as its feedstock.

"It was the lowest risk feedstock," said Arnold Klann, president and chief executive of BlueFire Ethanol. "By putting this inside the landfill we totally avoid the creation of a new infrastructure, because the infrastructure already exists to bring (waste) into the landfill every day and bury it. We are taking the material that society values the least and converting it into a transportation fuel."

(For more coverage on the business of waste, click on http://www.reuters.com/news/globalcoverage/recycle)World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatModern-day alchemy: turning trash into power 

BOSTON, May 21 (Reuters) - It's not turning lead into gold, but General Electric Co is working on a form of modern alchemy, converting garbage into electricity.

GE, which aims to make $25 billion in annual sales from green businesses by 2010, is working to adapt its gasification technology, used to burn coal more cleanly, to turn municipal waste into a relatively clean-burning gas.

The process takes solid material and heats it to temperatures up to 1,400 Celsius (2,552 F) -- far hotter than an incinerator -- which causes most matter to shift into a gaseous state. That gas is then converted into a synthetic fuel called syngas, largely free of pollutants, that can be burned in an electricity-producing turbine.

The materials that do not convert to gas, including some metals and minerals, shift to a liquid state and when they cool turn into slag, a stable rocklike substance. Slag's stability means its contents do not leach out into their surroundings, so it could be safely used in construction material.

The challenge is how to take a process that works with a uniform input -- coal -- and make it run smoothly with the hodgepodge of materials that make their way into a garbage truck.

"We're really trying to understand the variability that is in municipal solid waste," said Kelly Fletcher, advanced technology leader in sustainable energy at GE's research center in Niskayuna, New York.

"Not to be cute about it, but garbage in, garbage out," Fletcher said in a phone interview. "We have to really understand what it is that our gasification system is going to get, in terms of the feedstock."

Environmental groups have long opposed incinerating waste -- which releases polluting gases into the atmosphere and creates ash that can be hazardous -- but some are open to the idea of gasifying municipal solid waste.

"We are open to technologies that would deal with MSW in a way that doesn't have the downsides of incineration and created a useful product," said Dave Hamilton, director of global warming and energy at the Sierra Club, in Washington. "We're interested in looking at it."

Many companies around the world, including Waste Management Inc , the largest U.S. trash hauler, already produce energy from garbage by capturing the methane gas emitted by decomposing trash in landfills and burning it.

The gasification approach cuts out the landfill -- a key concern in crowded urban areas -- and prevents the trash from decomposing and producing methane, which has more than 20 times the heat-trapping potential of carbon dioxide.

"If you can intercept it from turning into methane, then doing something else with it is probably a better route," said Scott Sklar, president of The Stella Group, a Washington-based green energy consulting and design firm.

Energy experts said there are no garbage-to-energy gasification plans currently operating in the United States, although privately held Plasco Energy Group late last year opened a site in the Canadian capital of Ottawa, which is capable of processing 100 tonnes of municipal trash a day.

Cities in Florida, California, Louisiana and Michigan are contemplating or planning waste gasification facilities.

Fletcher estimated that GE is about five to ten years away from making garbage gasification a paying business.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatDallas landfill wants to ramp up methane process 
13 July 2008

DALLAS (AP) - City officials in Dallas plan to have the state's first landfill that speeds production of methane gas through biotechnology, then captures it for conversion into natural gas to be used in homes.

If successful, the McCommas landfill would turn banana peels, milk cartons and newspapers into a series of energy-producing compost piles that could fuel up to 16,000 homes.

The process also could extend the life of the landfill, perhaps up to 100 years through faster decomposition.

McCommas wouldn't be the first landfill to capture methane gas and reuse it, but it would the first to speed the production of methane.

The process involves burying several layers of pipe across a 30-acre trench, or "cell." One series of pipes will pump in water and landfill liquid, known as leachate. The moisture will saturate the trash, making a better food source for the naturally occurring organisms that turn the trash into gas.

As gas is produced, a second series of pipes will extract it using vacuum pressure. It will then be sent to an onsite processing plant where carbon dioxide will be separated from methane. The methane then will be transferred to an Atmos Energy pipeline.

There are plans for seven such cells, with construction of the first scheduled to start in October.

"Even though it looks like we're just burying trash, it's really a huge science project," Ron Smith, assistant director of the city's sanitation department, said in Sunday's editions of The Dallas Morning News. "It's probably going to end up being the largest in the country."

The system can produce methane gas at two to three times the rate of a traditional landfill and could generate $30,000 to $50,000 a month for the city.

McCommas currently captures about 2.5 million cubic feet of methane a day, which is piped to an onsite plant operated by an independent company, Dallas Clean Energy. Some of the city's estimates show that by 2012, output could reach 20 million cubic feet per day.

Environmental Protection Agency spokesman Willie Kelley said his agency is planning to teach other cities and landfill owners about the Dallas plan at a September conference.

"This is energy. You want to capture it," he said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatFrom stink to green: San Antonio plans to convert human waste to energy 
10 September 2008

SAN ANTONIO (AP) - The city plans to turn the stench of its residents' waste into sweet green cash and renewable energy.

The San Antonio Water System will sell captured methane gas generated from the utility's treatment of 140,000 tons of biosolids, or sewage, from customers each year.

The city-owned utility's board of trustees approved a contract Tuesday to provide at least 900,000 cubic feet of natural gas daily for the next 20 years to Ameresco Inc., a Framingham, Mass.-based energy services company.

"Treating these biosolids generates an average of 1.5 million cubic feet of gas a day," said Steve Clouse, the water system's chief operating officer. "That's enough gas to fill seven commercial blimps or 1,250 tanker trucks each day."

The utility already sells for reuse a portion of the water that's cleaned at its wastewater treatment plants. It also converts some biosolids into compost that's sold for use in yards and gardens.

"As far as we know, SAWS is the only city in the United States that has completed the renewable recyclable trifecta," Clouse said.

The water system will receive up to $250,000 a year for the methane, which will be drawn from the utility's Dos Rios Water Recycling Center.

Clouse said it will take 18 to 24 months for construction of facilities needed for the contract.

"We're very pleased that we can capture and sell this gas, which is good for San Antonio's air quality and puts this renewable energy resource to work for San Antonio," he said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatWashington Electric Co-op given go-ahead to expand methane power plant 
18 September 2008

MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP) - The Washington Electric Cooperative is moving forward with plans to expand a methane-power generating operation at Vermont's largest landfill in Coventry.

The co-op says the Vermont Public Service Board issued a certificate of public good for the plan to add a fifth generator that will make electricity using methane gas emitted by rotting garbage.

Methane from the Coventry landfill is now generating almost two-thirds of the electricity used by the co-op's 10,000 members in Orange, Washington and Caledonia counties.

The co-op says construction will begin within the next few weeks and the additional generator will begin making power early next year.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatEating kangaroos could help fight global warming: scientist 
1 October 2008
Agence France Presse

An offbeat suggestion that Australians should eat kangaroos instead of cattle and sheep has been given a scientific stamp of approval by the government's top climate change adviser.

The belching and farting of millions of farm animals is a major contributor to Australia's greenhouse gas emissions, Professor Ross Garnaut noted in a major report to the government on global warming.

Kangaroos, on the other hand, emit negligible amounts of methane gas.

If farmers were included in a system requiring industry to buy permits for the gas they produce, the cost of meat would rise and could lead to a change in eating habits, Garnaut said in the 600 page report released Wednesday.

"For most of Australia's human history -- around 60,000 years -- kangaroo was the main source of meat," he said.

"It could again become important. However, there are some significant barriers to this change, including livestock and farm management issues, consumer resistance and the gradual nature of change in food tastes."

Garnaut cited a study looking at the potential for kangaroos to replace sheep and cattle for meat production in Australia's rangelands, where kangaroos are already harvested.

The study concludes that by 2020, beef cattle and sheep numbers could be reduced by seven million and 36 million respectively, allowing for an increase in kangaroo numbers from 34 million now to 240 million by 2020.

This would be more than enough to replace the lost lamb and beef production, and kangaroo meat would become more profitable than cattle and sheep as the price of emissions permits increased.

Garnaut's report said livestock, mainly cattle and sheep, are responsible for some 67 percent of agricultural greenhouse gas emissions.

Despite being the national animal and appearing on the Australian coat of arms, millions of kangaroos are slaughtered in the wild each year to control their numbers and much of the meat is used for pet food.

The idea of farming them for human consumption is controversial, but many health-conscious Australians already eat kangaroo meat.

"It's low in fat, it's got high protein levels, it's very clean in the sense that basically it's the ultimate free range animal," says Peter Ampt of the University of New South Wales's institute of environmental studies.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatTrash is turning into key power source 
26 October 2008

KEARNY, New Jersey (AP) - Standing atop the 400-acre (162-hectare) 1-E landfill, you get a panoramic view of the Meadowlands sports complex to the north and the New York City skyline to the east. You're also standing on a critical part of New Jersey's, and the nation's, energy future.

Decades' worth of household trash, construction waste and assorted refuse buried in the landfill are providing electricity to thousands of homes.

"It's like you're buying back your own garbage, but in a different form," said Tom Marturano, director of solid waste and natural resources for the New Jersey Meadowlands Commission, which owns and operates the 1-E site.

The Kearny site is among 21 landfills in New Jersey where methane gas produced by decomposing garbage is used as fuel to generate electricity, according to the state Board of Public Utilities.

That is almost as many as in the state of Texas and more than the combined number in Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma.

Nationwide, the federal Environmental Protection Agency counts 455 landfills that use their methane to generate electricity and has targeted more than 500 others as potential candidates through its Landfill Methane Outreach Program.

One of New Jersey's leading environmentalists envisions the state's landfills someday making more use of the sites by installing wind and solar power to supplement methane.

"We see landfills as potential New Age energy plants because you can combine all three and create a steady source of power -- and not everybody wants a windmill in their backyard," said Jeff Tittel, executive director of the New Jersey chapter of the Sierra Club.

Marturano cautioned that adding wind farms might take awhile because landfill surfaces are constantly shifting, but the Meadowlands Commission already has plans to install 20 acres (8 hectares) of solar panels on the southern side of the 1-E landfill.

Gov. Jon S. Corzine's Energy Master Plan touts landfill methane gas as one of the key renewable energy sources that the state hopes will combine to supply 30 percent of New Jersey's electricity by 2020. According to the plan, New Jerseyans produce 6.7 pounds (3 kilograms) of trash per day, 50 percent more than the national average.

While wind and solar power are in their relative infancy in New Jersey -- Corzine recently announced the state's first offshore wind power project -- landfills in the state have been collecting methane gas and using it as fuel to generate electricity for more than two decades.

Mike Winka, director of the Board of Public Utilities' clean energy office, said new landfills in New Jersey are required to be designed to accommodate methane gas collection.

Existing landfills can produce methane long after they've been shut down.

For example, the freshest garbage in the Kingsland landfill, adjacent to 1-E, dates to 1987, according to Marturano. That means the half-eaten Big Mac you threw away near the end of the Reagan administration may be helping to light your neighbor's home today.

Marturano estimates the 1-E landfill can keep collecting methane for 20 more years or so. He said the energy produced by the four landfills in the Meadowlands district powers about 25,000 homes.

The Edgeboro landfill in East Brunswick, operated by the Middlesex County Utilities Authority, has been collecting methane since 2001 and currently generates about 13 megawatts of electricity, enough for about 13,000 homes for a year, according to Public Service Electric and Gas, the state's largest utility.

The Middlesex County agency uses the electricity generated by the Edgeboro landfill's methane to power the county's wastewater treatment plant in Sayreville. Last year, that saved the authority about $3 million, according to executive director Rich Fitamant.

Methane gas is produced by micro-organisms that feed on organic matter in trash. The bacteria are not picky eaters and have adapted to feasting on wood, cardboard or plastic if food waste isn't available.

"It's evolution on a fast track," Marturano said.

Long tubes with perforated bases are drilled down into a landfill to collect the methane gas, which then is used as fuel to drive generators. Inactive landfills like 1-E are capped, usually with a plastic or rubber covering that prevents excess gas from escaping.

"People used to think of the landfills as wasted space," Marturano said. "But we're turning them from the juvenile delinquents of the district into productive members of society."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatCow power: Oregon's largest dairy to test new generation of manure-to-energy technology
12 December 2008

GRANTS PASS, Ore. (AP) - Oregon's largest dairy will test a new generation of technology that captures methane from cow manure -- tapping an underused energy source and lowering greenhouse gas emissions.

NW Natural and Bonneville Environmental Foundation are building the $1 million methane digester at Threemile Canyon Farms in Boardman.

Methane digesters are not new, but Bill Eddie of the foundation said the model developed by J-U-B Engineers of Boise, Idaho, costs much less and can be used on small farms as well as big ones.

That means small farms wouldn't have the expense of trucking heavy manure to a central facility. Instead, they could have their own digesters and pipe excess gas to a collection spot.

Unlike older digesters that rely on concrete and steel to build the manure holding basin, the new design contours the earth and lines the basin with plastic. The covered basin is filled with old tires, which serve as a matrix for bacteria that break down the manure, allowing the methane to be drawn off for use as fuel.

The utility and the environmental group get half the capital costs back as state energy tax credits spread over five years. NW Natural can sell carbon offsets to its 6,300 Smart Energy customers, who make up about 1 percent of its customer base. The dairy can substitute the methane for propane to heat water that is used to clean milking parlors.

Agriculture accounts for about a third of the methane released into the atmosphere in the U.S. Other sources include landfills, coal mining, and oil and gas refineries. It is considered the No. 2 greenhouse gas contributing to global warming, after carbon dioxide.

Oregon is one of the seven western states and four Canadian provinces that have signed the Western Climate Initiative to cut greenhouse gas emissions in the region by 15 percent by 2020.

The Threemile Canyon equipment is scheduled to go on line in March.

"It's a risky project," said Eddie. "Every piece of the revenue stream is going to be important."

Farm manager Marty Myers said the digester fits the dairy's existing manure handling operation and easily be expanded if the test works out. The methane could ultimately power the refrigeration units that cool milk.

Threemile Canyon Farms employs 300 people full time and 400 seasonally. The farm milks 16,000 cows on a farm covering 93,000 acres. Until now, the manure has been held in a lagoon and sprayed on the farm's 37,000 acres of farmland growing feed for the cows.

The digester will handle the manure from 1,200 cows, each producing an estimated 120 pounds of manure a day -- for a total of about 144,000 pounds a day.

Once technology is ready to remove impurities, NW Natural expects to use digester methane in its pipelines, said spokesman Bill Edmonds. Methane is the main component of natural gas.

Stephanie Page, renewable energy specialist for the Oregon Department of Agriculture, said methane digesters are coming into increasing use in Oregon. Two are working on diary waste in Tillamook and Salem, and others are in municipal waste. A fruit processing company outside Corvallis is developing one.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIdaho energy czar aims to harness cow pie power 
22 December 2008

BOISE, Idaho (AP) - Idaho is hoping to capitalize on more than just the milk emerging from its cows.

The state's mountains of manure are fueling dreams of pipelines linking waste treatment facilities at dairies large and small to central refineries that produce natural gas pure enough for homes or cars.

State energy czar Paul Kjellander, who heads up Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter's Office of Energy Resources, is pushing a package of income tax credits, property tax waivers and other incentives in the 2009 Legislature starting Jan. 12 to transform Idaho's southern heartland into a methane Mecca.

The hope is that processed manure could be sold as plant bedding and dairies could also fire turbines, shooting electricity into the power grid. And they could sell carbon credits in schemes to slash greenhouse gas emissions.

"We can put together the right package and right mechanism to help move it along," Kjellander told The Associated Press. "You've got to have somebody locally who is ready to take the risk and move this forward. But the state can provide the right type of incentives."

Idaho, with 550,000 cows, is now America's No. 3 milk producer, trailing California and Wisconsin. Other states are also trying to whet potential manure investors' appetites.

Minnesota recently gave a farmer more than $200,000 to finance a project that returns unused electricity to its power grid. Washington offers sales tax exemptions for dairies that install so-called digesters, which converts methane from cow manure into electricity.

In Oregon, a utility and an environmental group are taking advantage of state energy tax credits to build a $1 million methane digester at the state's largest dairy. NW Natural and the Bonneville Environmental Foundation are building the facility at Threemile Canyon Farms in Boardman.

And in the midst of 2001's rolling blackouts, California set aside $10 million for "manure methane power production projects."

Idaho's measure would eventually allow counties not in the south, including depressed timber hamlets in the northern forests, to create alternative "energy enterprise zones" to assist companies in turning wood waste to energy.

With this pilot project focusing initially on the region around Twin Falls, however, Kjellander hopes to direct attention to where massive dairies have expanded en masse in recent years, lured by cheap land, cheap feed and utility costs that are just a third of California's.

Agriculture accounts for a third of U.S. methane released into the atmosphere. Methane, also from landfills, coal mines and oil refineries, is considered the No. 2 greenhouse gas contributing to global warming, after carbon dioxide.

The Idaho Conservation League has highlighted risks associated with Idaho's enormous dairy feedlots, including water quality threats and air pollution. The group supports Kjellander's bill.

"We're hoping the digesters will not only capture greenhouse gases, but also because of the way the system works, there will be additional controls of other air pollutants," said Courtney Washburn, from the environmental group's Boise office. "Hopefully, it will make the lives of the neighbors a lot easier."

Intermountain Gas Co., a privately owned natural gas utility headquartered in Boise that serves more than 275,000 customers, backs the plan, too.

The company, a unit of Montana-Dakota Utilities Co., gets its natural gas largely from reservoirs in Canada and beneath the Rocky Mountains, including Wyoming and Utah. Incentives could help dairies cut the cost of their gas to competitive levels, said Brent Wilde, a spokesman.

"We're charged with purchasing the least expensive gas we can get our hands on," he said. "Probably the biggest benefit is being able to use that methane for something useful, rather than letting it go into the atmosphere."

Minneapolis-based Cargill Inc. soon aims to sell electricity from its $8.5 million, 2.25 megawatt digester and generator facility at the 10,000-cow Bettencourt Dairy in Hansen to Idaho Power Co., the state's largest utility.

This is the agricultural conglomerate's first such project, but Cargill has another southern Idaho plant due to open in 2009. It's also exploring similar endeavors in neighboring Washington, Oregon, New Mexico, California, Texas, New York and Indiana, said Craig Maetzold, Cargill Environmental Finance's operations manager.

"We believe the credits in renewable energy are only going to increase in value in the future," Maetzold said.

------

On the Net:

Idaho Office of Energy Resources http://www.energy.idaho.govWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatPuerto Rico is going to invest in this because we can't keep making landfills on the island, they're all due for shutdown by EPA rules because they've finished there lifespan. After recycling, the rest of the garbage should be burned for energy however, the plant should be located strategically as to avoid harm to human health and natural environments.City buses turn to sewage for 'clean' fuel 
22 March 2009
Agence France Presse

Can the key to "clean" energy be found down in the sewer? That's the idea in Oslo, where city officials soon plan to introduce buses that run on biofuels extracted from human waste.

As of 2010, the new buses are due to start plying the streets of the Norwegian capital.

"It's a win-win situation: It's carbon neutral, it hardly pollutes the environment, it's less noisy and its endlessly renewable," says Ole Jakob Johansen, one of the people in charge of the project at Oslo city hall.

The biofuel, which is methane generated by fermenting sludge, will come from the Bekkelaget sewage treatment plant which handles waste from 250,000 city dwellers.

"By going to the bathroom, a person produces the equivalent of eight litres (2.1 gallons) of diesel per year. That may not seem like a lot, but multiplied by 250,000 people, that is enough to operate 80 buses for 100,000 kilometres (62,000 miles) each," Johansen says.

Compared to diesel, biomethane is a giant green step forward.

In addition to being carbon neutral, it emits 78 percent less nitrogen oxide and 98 percent fewer fine particles -- two causes of respiratory illnesses -- and is 92 percent less noisy.

Even the price is advantageous, says Johansen.

All included, the cost of producing biofuel equivalent to one litre of diesel comes to 0.72 euros (98 cents), while diesel at the pump in Norway currently costs more than 1.0 euro.

"The fuel is less expensive but the cost of the new buses and their maintenance is higher. In total, it's about 15 percent more expensive," notes Anne-Merete Andersen of Ruter, the operator of Oslo's public transport system.

Contrary to first generation bio-ethanol, made from grains and plants, biomethane has the added advantage of not impacting food supplies, nor does it require fertilisation or deplete precious water resources.

Environmentalists are delighted.

"We've been waiting for this for a long time. It's extremely good for the climate and also for the quality of urban life," beams Olaf Brastad of the Bellona environmental organisation.

"I see absolutely no downsides. On the contrary, it is an optimal way of using a renewable energy that has always been there, just waiting to be exploited," he adds.

The initiative, if extended to Oslo's second waste treatment plant and complemented with biofuels made from food waste, could provide enough fuel for all of Oslo's 350 to 400 buses.

"If our entire fleet switched to biomethane, carbon dioxide emissions would be reduced by around 30,000 tonnes per year," according to Ruter.

Biofuel buses have already been introduced in several cities, including the French city of Lille and Stockholm, Sweden, where 70 such buses are already in service.

"There were some teething problems with the introduction, but now that those problems have been resolved we see that we have a fuel that works well," Sara Anderson, a biofuels specialist for Stockholm's public transport system SL, told AFP.

And, for those who remain sceptical, Johansen stressed that "there is absolutely no smell."World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Watdiscount Bape,

discount BapeBathing Ape clothing is the most popular Japanese street brand in the US today. we Wholesale Bape cheap/discount clothing. cheaper price,higher quality.Canadian scientists breeding cows that burp less 

TORONTO, June 23 (Reuters) - Canadian scientists are breeding a special type of cow designed to burp less, a breakthrough that could reduce a big source of greenhouse gases responsible for global warming.

Cows are responsible for nearly three-quarters of total methane emissions, according to Environment Canada. Most of the gas comes from bovine burps, which are 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide as a greenhouse gas.

Stephen Moore, a professor at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, is examining the genes responsible for methane produced from a cow's four stomachs in order to breed more efficient, environmentally friendly cows.

The professor of agricultural, food and nutritional science completed primary tests using traditional techniques to breed efficient animals that produce 25 percent less methane than less efficient animals. But more work needs to be done before the long-term impact is known. Moore's study was published earlier this year in the Journal of Animal Science.

"We are working on producing diagnostic markers for efficient animals. We are looking at the next generation of technologies that will enable us to determine the genetics of an animal through a blood test or testing some hairs that you might pluck from the animal," said Moore.

To shrink cattle's ecological footprint ranchers could also decrease the time cows are left standing in the field by getting animals to market sooner. That means breeding cattle that grow faster. Also, through breeding, cattle could become more efficient in converting feed into muscle and producing less methane and waste, said Moore.

Another method already being used to reduce methane emissions is feeding livestock a diet higher in energy and rich in edible oils, which ferment less than grass or low-quality feed.

Farmers in Alberta that feed their livestock edible oils and shorten the time to market can accrue carbon credits that could amount to between one C$1 and C$10 per head.

New Hampshire-based Stonyfield Farm, an organic yogurt producer in which Groupe Danone holds a majority stake, reduced emissions from their cows on an average of 12 percent by adding alfalfa, flax or hemp to livestock feed on a small number of its farms.

"If every U.S. dairy farmer reduced emissions by 12 percent it would be equal to about half a million cars being taken off the road," said Nancy Hirshberg, vice president of Stonyfield's Natural Resources department. ($1=$1.13 Canadian)World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Watthis is really stupid,
because cowfarts/burps are green, recycling


as opposed to burning billions of tons of ancient sunlight every yearLet me explain!Mass. company ends plans for Conn. garbage-to-energy power plant 
8 July 2009

WATERBURY, Conn. (AP) - A Massachusetts company says it is no longer interested in building a garbage-to-energy power plant in Waterbury.

Chestnut Hill BioEnergy has terminated its contract to buy a former Waterbury factory to convert it into the power plant.

The company said Tuesday it is not interested in engaging in a fight for 18 months with people who arent even willing to listen to what it's going to do.

Chestnut Hill planned to build a plant that would take in 625 tons of food waste a day and convert it into methane gas and burn the methane to generate electricity. The 12-megawatt power plant would have employed 40 to 50 people.

Chestnut Hill still plans to build the plant somewhere in the state.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatAustralia 'reef and beef' project seeks to curb flatulent cows 
4 September 2009
Agence France Presse

An Australian scientist Friday launched what he called a "reef and beef" study into whether feeding cows seaweed would reduce their flatulent carbon emissions, in a move that could help save the Great Barrier Reef.

Tony Parker, from James Cook University, said cattle produced up to 20 percent of global man-made methane emissions, and the problem was largely linked to their diet.

At least 50 percent of these cows lived in developing nations, many of which were in the tropics, where the quality of pasture tended to deteriorate in the winter, increasing emissions, Parker said.

"Seaweed, algae and other sea grasses have been proven to be much more digestible than land grass because they have less cellulose and more starch," added Parker's research partner Rocky de Nys.

"A better diet for cattle, then, will encourage better digestion and thus lead to a decrease in methane emissions."

Methane gas from livestock accounts for about 12 percent of Australia's annual greenhouse emissions, with flatulence from 120 million sheep, cows and goats comprising its third-largest source of damaging gases.

The average beef cow expels the equivalent of around 1,500 kilograms (3,300 pounds) of carbon per year.

The scientists said that using seaweed as cattle fodder could also have wider benefits for the environment, by providing coastal farmers with a way to clean waterways that flowed into the Great Barrier Reef.

Seaweed could be used to clear nitrogen and phosphorous from farming water, but few farmers adopted the method because they were left with "a huge biomass that they don't know what to do with," De Nys said.

He said those nutrients were partly responsible for the breakdown of aquatic ecosystems within the iconic Barrier Reef, which authorities warned this week faced significant threats from climate change and farming runoff.

"I like to call it the 'reef and beef' project because it has far reaching implications that come full circle: starting with seaweed, taking in the beef and aquaculture industries, and extending back out to the sea to help conserve the Great Barrier Reef," added Parker.

Australia's centre-left government has committed to reducing emissions by at least five percent of 2000 levels by 2020, including the introduction by 2011 of a carbon trading scheme.

Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has committed to deeper cuts of up to 25 percent if world leaders agree on an "ambitious" reduction plan at Copenhagen in December.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatDefault
Hi! I'm new to the forum also. I'm close to your type too!Simulateur de credit simulation pret immobilier | Simulateur credit simulation de pret immobilier | Simulateur de credit immoMountains of trash: Nev. landfill is largest in US 
12 December 2009

LAS VEGAS (AP) - "The dump" conjures images of broken couches, mounds of garbage, flies, rats, smells so strong they radiate visibly into the air.

But very few Southern Nevadans have seen the region's main dump. The biggest landfill in the U.S. is tucked away in a narrow valley in the Apex area an hour north of Las Vegas, just off Interstate 15 but not visible from the freeway.

Mountains surround the dump valley, which is etched out into red earth terraces. The garbage is layered like a sheet cake beneath each terrace, and pipes crisscross the land, carrying away the methane generated by the decomposing garbage. Republic Services just announced a plan to convert the methane into electricity by late 2011.

But that energy plant has yet to be built, so for now the place looks like a plastic bag-pocked mining site.

The odor is a clue to its real purpose. It does faintly stink, but not as bad as one might expect, considering it stores nearly 50 million tons of rotting trash. Another 9,000 tons or so rolls in every day. During the height of the construction boom a few years ago the daily average exceeded 15,000 tons.

Today there's almost no construction waste going to Apex, commercial waste is down and even residential waste has decreased, according to landfill General Manager Mark Clinker.

So this is a place where the recession is doing some good. The less trash sent to the landfill, the longer the landfill stays open. There's enough space at the 2,200-acre site to store all of the Las Vegas Valley's waste for the next 200 years, according to Bob Coyle, vice president of government relations for Republic Services.

The landfill is also ever-expanding in a way. Las Vegas Paving comes in and digs out the rock of the surrounding mountains, making way for the terraces of trash that will take their place. The company uses the rock for roadway construction. A Republic Services team comes in after the paving crew and preps the area with a welded toxins shield intended to protect the aquifer, layers of rock and dirt. Then they add vacuum tubes to suck up the methane and pipes to gather the liquid that drains from decomposing trash. Everything is mapped with precise GPS coordinates.

Giant trucks roll in at all hours from transfer stations across the valley. (The transfer stations are where trash from curbside cans and commercial bins are taken.) When it arrives at the landfill, the trash is weighed and taken to the latest dump terrace. The drivers hook their trailers up to tippers that lift the containers 90 degrees in the air, sending a cascade of garbage onto the terrace below. Huge steel-wheeled compactors -- the wheels alone are at least 8 feet tall -- then chop and compress the trash.

The compactors can work on up to 150,000 square feet of trash at a time, after which bulldozers are brought in to cover it all up with at least six inches of rock and dirt, and start a new terrace. In a 24/7 operation like Apex, that happens about once a week.

The goal is to keep the trash from flying off in the strong winds prevalent in the area.

Tires and plastic grocery bags are the archenemies of landfill employees.

Tires have an uncanny ability to make their way to the surface, and plastic bags are almost impossible to keep down when the trash is being dumped. There are several fences and bag traps around the landfill, but it's not hard to spot one or two bags soaring for the heavens.

"The day they outlaw those plastic bags I will stand and salute," Coyle says. "I will be a happy man that day."

------

Information from: Las Vegas SunWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatThere are two factory's in Malaysia, that produce cars: Proton en Perodua. They are sometimes working together as brother and sister. Although the cars are made in Malaysia, in the car the engine is from abroad. For that part they are working together with Mitsubishi (Japan). That makes Malaysian cars: solid cars! 
When I was in Kuala Lumpur, they introduced one of the latest models of the Proton. It was at the feet of the Petronas Towers, that we wanted to visit. So it was a coincidence to be there. The car's name is "Juara" and it is made for transporting little boxes and other small things. The "Juara" is a very colorful car (nice colors) and has a very modern "look". Although the car looks at the pictures very big, is the interior very small. This car has a good future in Asian country's.
Cars are in Malaysia very expensive. Even for the price of a nice second hand car, you could buy a new car in home country. That's why you see a lot of old cars in the street.
It's impossible to let you see all the Malaysian cars. That's why I let you see the latest model of the Proto (Juara) and I show a list with cars they make below.
If you rent a car in Malaysia, you will probably get a Proton Wira with an automatic gear. That's a very handsome car and it will bring you everywhere. We had that car several timesBe optimistic todayProton Juara..that one very retro lah..(2001)
Plus not only two..we have Naza that produce Korean KIA's cars,Inokom..etc

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_automobile_manufacturers#MalaysiaKERANAMU MALAYSIA

Well done is better than well said... Benjamin franklinPROTON SAVVY 1.2Wow, nice pics, Malaysian cars are relatively small compare to US cars,lol!*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoChicagoSkyline said:



Wow, nice pics, Malaysian cars are relatively small compare to US cars,lol! 

Click to expand...

That's because Malaysian road aren't as wide or large compared to The US.Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!WANCH said:



That's because Malaysian road aren't as wide or large compared to The US.

Click to expand...

I know, I would say that Americans are also bigger as well!*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoPROTON GEN-2 1.6PROTON CHANCELLOR

http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/7557/231/1600/chancellor.0.jpg

http://www.proton-edar.com.my/showr...eneSec=0807&currentScene=0807&currentButton=8

I'm sure this car can fit no matter how 'big' you're.KERANAMU MALAYSIA

Well done is better than well said... Benjamin franklinalsen said:



PROTON CHANCELLOR

http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/7557/231/1600/chancellor.0.jpg

http://www.proton-edar.com.my/showr...eneSec=0807&currentScene=0807&currentButton=8

I'm sure this car can fit no matter how 'big' you're.

Click to expand...

Now, this is more like it!*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoPROTON WAJA 1.6PROTON SATRIA GTi 1.8PERODUA.. second national car.

Kancil SE 850cc 































Kembara CT Aero  






























Rusa






























MyviMALAYSIAhetfield85 do u have Proton R3 pics ??MALAYSIANAZA third national car.


new lunch - " Naza Sutera "












Naza Sutera Sport Concept













Asean The Initial Market For Naza Sutera

April 22, 2006 19:50 PM 

KEPALA BATAS, April 22 (Bernama) -- Asean countries, such as Thailand, Indonesia and Singapore, had been identified as the initial export market for the Sutera, a new model by Naza.

The 1.1 litre compact car is scheduled to enter the export market this year, said group chairman and chief executive officer Tan Sri SM Nasimuddin SM Amin Saturday.

Speaking at a press conference after the ground breaking of NCSB's second automotive plant and launching of the model here by Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, he said of the Sutera's 30,000 units annual production, 10,000 would be exported.

"Everybody wants this car to be exported to their countries but there is a limited capacity," said SM Nasimuddin.

He disclosed that dealers from Australia and New Zealand have expressed interest to import the 1.1 litre Sutera, which was developed with an investment of RM200 million.

After the launch of the Sutera, officials of Naza Corporation Sdn Bhd signed agreements with international dealers from Malta, Cyprus, Sri Lanka, Brunei, India, Bangladesh, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Pakistan, Nepal and Singapore to pave the way for the export of the car to these markets.

SM Nasimuddin also said that Naza's next model, codenamed NX02 would be launched in the middle of next month. It would also caters for both domestic and overseas market.

To a question, SM Nasimuddin said the automatic model of the Sutera would be introduced within a year.

On the possibility of Naza setting up assembly plant overseas, he said India is a potential country.

However, he did not reveal details saying it is premature.

On the call by Abdullah for Naza to be an international company, he said, "It it is a good suggestion and Naza is already doing it now."

-- BERNAMAMALAYSIApedang said:



hetfield85 do u have Proton R3 pics ??

Click to expand...

Here you go pedang ... Proton R3

Proton Satria R3


















Proton Gen-2 R3


















Proton Savvy R3PERODUA KELISA 1.0My lovely Perodua Kelisa.My Travel BlogPERODUA KENARI 1.0Some of these cars are slick in design but what about performance. Anyway, Malaysian cars such as Proton have the potential but I think it's market would still be South East Asia. We definitely don't have Proton or any Malaysian auto here in HKManila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!Performance of these cars is fine for a small and medium size sedan but some Perodua cars lack of performance in some of their models such as the Kembara and Kenari because of low cc engine.

Many of Proton cars still using Mitsubishi engine in their models but the Waja, Savvy and Gen-2 fitted with its new self developed engine, the Campro.All Perodua cars doesn't have any self developed engine.They acquired the engines from Daihatsu.

Of course there are no Malaysian cars in HK because they don't have any sales branch there.

Proton cars are currently exporting to 19 countries :
1)Brunei
2)China
3)Indonesia
4)Nepal
5)Sri Lanka
6)Singapore
7)Taiwan
8)UK
9)Turkey
10)Cyprus
11)Iran
12)Kuwait
13)Qatar
14)Syria
15)UAE
16)Egypt
17)Mauritius
18)South Africa
19)Australia
http://www.proton.com/about_proton/proton_world/proton_worldwide.php 

Perodua cars ;
1)Mauritius
2)Brunei
3)Singapore
4)Sri Lanka
5)Cyprus
6)Malta
7)UK
8)Egypt
9)Lebanon
10)Qatar
11)Saudi Arabia
12)Syria
13)Fiji
http://www.perodua.com.my/sales_services.php?sub_page=overseasDistrict heating (also known as heat networks or teleheating) is a system for distributing heat generated in a centralized location for residential and commercial heating requirements such as space heating and water heating. The heat is often obtained from a cogeneration plant burning fossil fuels but increasingly also biomass, although heat-only boiler stations, geothermal heating, heat pumps and central solar heating are also used, as well as nuclear power. District heating plants can provide higher efficiencies and better pollution control than localised boilers. According to some research, district heating with combined heat and power (CHPDH) is the cheapest method of cutting carbon emissions, and has one of the lowest carbon footprints of all fossil generation plants. CHPDH is being developed in Denmark as a store for renewable energy, particularly wind energy, that exceeds instantaneous grid demand via the use of heat pumps and thermal stores.

Does your city have a district heating system?


New York City Steam System

The New York City steam system is a district heating system which takes steam produced by steam generating stations and carries it under the streets of Manhattan to heat, cool, or supply power to high rise buildings and businesses. Some New York businesses and facilities also use the steam for cleaning and disinfection.

The New York Steam Company began providing service in lower Manhattan on March 3, 1882. Today, Consolidated Edison operates the largest commercial steam system in the world. The organization within Con Edison that is responsible for the system's operation is known as Steam Operations, providing steam service to over 1,700 customers and serving commercial and residential establishments in Manhattan from Battery Park to 96th Street uptown on the West side and 89th Street on the East side of Manhattan. Roughly 24 billion pounds (11,000,000 t) of steam flow through the system every year.









Steam vapor being vented through a typical Con Edison orange and white stack on Seventh Avenue at West 20th Street. Steam vapor such as this can be caused by a leak in Con Ed's steam system – which heats, cools and provides power for buildings in Manhattan up to East 89th and West 96th Street – or by cooler water contacting the outside of a steam pipe.









East 74th Street plant









West 59th Street plant

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_City_steam_systemThe grid of NYC has high infrastructural density.The system is currently operated by Con Edison.mrsmartman said:



The system is currently operated by Con Edison.

Click to expand...

You mean the district heating service? I can't figure out all too well what this company does, their website is pretty terrible.We have both district heating and re-usage of industrial energy for district heating









https://www.volkerwessels.com/nl/nieuws/detail/rotterdam-krijgt-nieuw-warmtenet-van-ca-e100-miljoenCon Edison Estimates It Has Responded to 200 Manhole Explosions Since Sunday



NBC New York said:



An early morning manhole fire caused officials to evacuate six buildings in Brooklyn Tuesday blocks from where a man was hit in the head by a flying manhole after a blast a day earlier, and Con Edison says it has responded to hundreds of similar blasts in the last three days alone.

No one was injured in Tuesday's fire, which started at about 4 a.m. Sixth Street in Park Slope, according to the FDNY...

Click to expand...

Source: Con Edison Estimates It Has Responded to 200 Manhole Explosions Since Sunday - NBC New York http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/loca...e-Fire-Explosion-Brooklyn-FDNY-290629051.html 
Follow us: @nbcnewyork on Twitter | NBCNewYork on FacebookNice TopicRomanian cities have, due to communism, "district heating", but it's really bad. The efficiency of the network is very low because of the loss of warmth along the length of the pipes, and serious periodical renewal of the pipes is beyond the financial means of the cities. We know that in an ideal scenario this sort of heating is the best, but in reality we're probably never going to make it work anywhere near optimal parametres. Everyone who could afford it passed to individual appartment heating based on methane gas, since the late '90s.Commieblocks of Romania / of FranceSensors Could Help Stop NYC Tenants From Freezing, Pols Say

A City Council bill would force landlords with a history of heat problems to track temperatures in their buildings.

By Noah Manskar, Patch Staff | May 23, 2018 5:50 pm ET | Updated May 23, 2018 5:52 pm ET

NEW YORK, NY — New York City lawmakers want to force deadbeat landlords to track the temperatures in their buildings so their tenants aren't left freezing next winter. City Council members introduced a bill Wednesday that would require building owners who frequently break the city heating law to keep sensors in each apartment that would detect when each home gets too cold.

Supporters say the measure would give the city a powerful tool in enforcing its housing rules and taking on landlords who deprive tenants of basic utilities to force them from their apartments.

"We've been playing catch up to these bad actors because we've been using an abacus in an iPhone era," Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams, who supports the bill, said in a statement.

City law requires landlords to heat their apartments from Oct. 1 to May 31. The inside temperature has to be at least 68 degrees when the mercury dips below 55 degrees outside during the day and at least 62 degrees overnight no matter the outdoor temperature.

The city received more than 200,000 311 complaints about heat and hot water issues during the last heating season but issued only about 3,400 heat violations through the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, or HPD.

[...]

Click to expand...

Source: New York City Patch

Your Trusted Source of Photographs from New York and PennsylvaniaManchester, UK is in the process of implementing a district heating network to serve the civic core of the city (incl the Town Hall etc.).

The flue has been designed by Tonkin Liu, and is called the 'Tower of Light'. More of a sculpture than anything else - 





More info on the thread here if you want a further browse - http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?p=145791557#post145791557Short history of district heating in Łódź.

The first power plant built to supply the city with electricity started operation in 1907. It was only a power plant, it didn't provide heat.

Before, there were only local electricity generators in some buildings, in factories and one power plant which supplied the tram network.

There were no horse-drawn trams in Łódź, the trams in Łódź were electric from the very beginning, from the moment of the start of the first city lines in 1898.










Before the World War 2, there was no district heating in Łódź.

In 1948, the project of building 4 new combined heat and power plants and extending the existing power plant for production of heat was created. As a result, in 1953, the power plant started delivering heat for the industry.

In 1955 started the construction of the first new, modern combined heat and power plant, so called EC-2:














































If you saw one time this photo of a hotel on some websites with funny photos (I know that it also appeared on some international ones):










then you should know that the power plant behind is the EC-2.

In 1959, the first heat pipeline supplying residential areas with heat, from EC-2 to the Żubardź district, started its operation.

In 1968, the first boiler in the third combined heat and power plant - the EC-3 - started its operation:




























1977 is the year in which the first boiler in the fourth and the newest combined heat and power plant began its operation:




























An interesting fact is that the top of one of the chimneys of the EC-4 is the highest point in Łódź and for this reason, the TV and radio transmitting antennas for the Łódź region are placed on it.

There was one more interesting object in Łódź district heating system, the heating plant in Ustronna street:










There is very few information about it and I don't know when it was built. But seemingly the main reason of building it was satisfying the needs for the heat of a newly built pediatric hospital (Centrum Zdrowia Matki Polki - Polish Mother's Health Center) in Rzgowska street. If I am not mistaken, it also provided heat to some residential areas. But the hospital was open in 1988, so the heating plant had to open also around that year.

In 2005, the state sold 85% of shares in the state company owning and operating the Łódź combined heat and power plants and its district heating system to the French company Dalkia. There was a lot of controversy around it because not only the plants but also the network got privatized. The city of Łódź wanted the network to be separated from the company and given to the city, as it happened in some other cities, but the government did not accept that and everything got sold.

The Ustronna heating plant belonged to the city. To 2001, it was used to deliver heat to the hospital mentioned before. The city had some plans related (anyway it would demand a full modernization of the plant) to it but they weren't realized as it wasn't even possible to connect it to first the state-owned, later the private district heating network. The grounds of this heating plant got sold in 2015 to a car dealer and its chimney got demolished yet in 2015:






In 2015, the Dalkia company was rebranded to Veolia after all the shares in the company got bought by Veolia (earlier, a part of shares in it belonged to a French state-owned energy company).

In 2001, the EC-1 plant (the one which was the first power plant in Łódź) ended its operation. It is being changed into a culture and entertainment center and it will be a part of the New Łódź Center:





































It includes or will include:
- Center of Science and Technology - an interactive museum of technology,
- a modern planetarium,
- National Center of Film Culture,
- Center of Comics and Interactive Narration,
- Łódź Film Commission - a unit helping and supporting film producers.

The EC-2 ended its operation in 2015. It was sold to an intermediary preparing the grounds and selling them to real estate developers in 2017. It is currently during demolition and you can see the current photos in this thread: http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1795704&page=23

The tall chimneys will be demolished while cooling towers (those grey wide and low "chimneys") will be probably preserved because they are included in the register of historic monuments.



graff67 said:











Click to expand...

Currently, there are two combined heat and power plants in operation in Łódź: EC-3 and EC-4. They provide electrical power to the national (and western-European) power grid as well as the heat to the district heating system in Łódź.

While the big residential areas of commie blocks are connected to the district heating system, many old tenement houses in the city center unfortunately aren't and they are heated with local masonry stoves, which leads to smog.

During renovations, those houses are being connected to the district heating and/or gas network.

From what I read, people say natural gas heating is actually cheaper than district heating. Which one is more ecological - I don't know. The district heating plants are fueled with coal but the exhaust fumes are very effectively filtered with modern filtering installations. Gas is theoretically more ecological than coal but when it's used locally, then the fumes are not filtered. So I don't know.Leciała mucha z Łodzi do Zgierza...^^ Thanks for your informative introduction to district heating in Łódź.With more than 100 miles of steam piping and nearly 2,000 buildings served, New York’s steam system is the largest in the world.

Produced by: Melanie Burford and Greg Moyer

Read the story here: http://nyti.ms/1ycaNts






Your Trusted Source of Photographs from New York and PennsylvaniaWe realize that in a perfect situation such a warming is the best, yet in actuality we're most likely never going to make it work anyplace close to ideal parametres. Each and every individual who could bear the cost of it went to singular appartment warming dependent on methane gas.My Disney ExperienceBRAZIL 

GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE THREAD


Also visit URBAN TRANSPORTATION
This thread will only include Highlights of Urban Transportation, detailed info is posted on specific thread.

MAP










TRANSPORTATION AND LOGISTICS

official Multimodal Brazilian Infrastructure map

ENERGY PRODUCTION AND DISTRIBUTION

EDUCATION, SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

INDUSTRY AND AGRICULTURE

RELATED ECONOMIC NEWSTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOINFRASTRUCTURE OVERVIEW


Official Brazilian Government PDF on Infrastructure

Official Infrastructure Maps

Morgan & Stanley 2010 Report

Infrastructure Report

TRANSPORT INFRASTRUCTURE IN BRAZIL AND THE CONSEQUENCES OF DEVELOPMENT FAILURE

PDF on urban mobility, focusing on ownership and use of private motor vehicles. Circa 60% of Brazilian households have either a car or a motorcycle, or both.

Major projects for the Santos region (Sao Paulo port)

MAIN PROJECTS PLANNED & UNDER WAYTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORAILROAD TRANSPORTATION








































































viaduto Pesseguinho



























viaduto Paulo de Frontin




























DETAILED RAILROAD MAP IN PDF

Total existing railroad network: 28,300 km
Total railroad network in use: 22,800 km

Expansion: around 4,500 km of new railroads under construction. High-Speed rail link planned between São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro (2030s?)

Broad gauge - 1.600 m: 4,057 km
Standard gauge - 1.435 m: 202.4 km
Metric gauge - 1.000 m: 23,489 km
Mixed gauge - 1.600(1.435)/1.000m : 336 km

Great VALEC video on current andn future railroad expansion nationwide





EF-354 - FICO - West-Central Brazil










Ferrovia de Integração Centro-Oeste - Midwest Integration Railroad - from Rondonia to the North-South railroad in Goiás.
detailed map
R$ 6,5 billion
First section - Campinorte (Gioás, at North-South railroad) to Lucas do Rio Verde (Mato Grosso state) 1040 km long
Includes 2.5km Railroad-Highway bridge (Ponte Rodoferroviária) on the Araguaia River
Section section, from Lucas do Rio Verde to Vilhena (Rondonia state) will be 600 km long, R$2.3 billion

This project is on hold as of 2018.

EF-267 FERROVIA DO PANTANAL 










From Panorama (connection with North-South railroad) to Porto Murtinho, at the Paraguayan border in Mato Grosso do Sul state. 


BELO HORIZONTE-SALVADOR











SÃO PAULO RAILRING (FERROANEL)















status: works supposed to start by 2013/2014, North Section is priority, by 2022/2024, following the ringroad. Awaiting bidding.


EF-280/499/498 – CORREDOR FERROVIÁRIO DE SANTA CATARINA

Santa Catarina state, crossing the state from West to coast. No concrete deadlines. No tender or work in progress as of 2018











EF-188 RIO - VITÓRIA











PASSENGER RAILROADS









"Litorina" train Curitiba-Paranaguá

Passenger service was virtually abolished during the privatizations in the 1990's, but even before that, since the late 1970's, passenger trains had slipped into virtual irrelevance and very low quality due to decades of underinvestments and the rise of the bus, the car and the airplane.

Currently there are only two regularly scheduled passenger trainn services in Brazil, both operated by mining giant Vale Company along its own railroads. The most important one connects Belo Horizonte (Brazil's third largest metropolis) to Vitória (capital of Estpirito Santo state) along the Estrada de Ferro Vitória a Minas (Vitória to Minas Railroad, EFVM), taking approx. 13 hours. 

Belo Horizonte-Vitória daily train:






















































The other Vale train service connects São Luís (capital of Maranhão state, in the Northeast) to the Carajás iron ore mine area in Pará state (Amazon).

Passenger train from São Luís (Maranhão state capital) to Carajás/Marabá (Pará state, Amazon region)







































Other passenger rail is Brazil are eventual touristic services, most notably the Curitiba-Paranaguá "Litorina" service down the breathtaking Serra do Mar (Atlantic range). 

Curitiba-Paranaguá touristic service:




































Serra da Mantiqueira train (Campos do Jordão, Sao Paulo state)


















Sao Paulo city touristic trains, operated by CPTM






















































Trem do Pantanal, Mato Grosso do Sul state


















Rio Grande do Sul state touristic heritage "Wine Train"









Rio de Janeiro Corcovado mountain train










Minas Gerais - Ouro Preto - Mariana historical cities train - both modern diesel and heritage steam loco services



























Serra Verde Express, Espirito Santo state












There are a number of projects being discussed since the year 2000:


High Speed Rail HSR (TAV) São Paulo - Rio de Janeiro 










The São Paulo - Rio High Speed Rail (TAV - Trem de Alta Velocidade), which has been under serious discussion since 2007. Financial and political difficulties have delayed bidding and no contracts have been awarded as of late 2013. The whole project was put in the freezer by 2014 and it's not expected to be resurrected in the near future. Cannot be expected to start construction before mid/late 2020s, may be replaced with a simpler slower railroad type.


São Paulo State Intercity Trains 



















Proposals to link São Paulo city to neighboring large cities are under serious discussion by the State Government. The proposed links are Sorocaba to the West, Santos to the South, and Jundiaí to the North (in parallel to the proposed Campinas link of the HSR). The easiest and most likely link to be built is the Sorocaba link, and the second most likely to be built is the Santos link, given the huge demand for travel to the coast, in spite of the huge difficulty of traversing the 750 m downhill to the coast.[General statewide plans PDF] [Santos Regional Rail PDF]



Maringá-Londrina train ("Trem Pé-Vermelho") - Paraná state










152km, serving 13 cities, 20,000 p/day, funds for project approved in 2014. New rail line to be built in parallel to existing line. Probably diesel.


Brasilia-Goiania train (Expresso Pequi) 










Electric passenger train in Brazil's third richest urban regionTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOHIGHWAYS









SP-21 highway, Sao Paulo









SP-65 highway, Sao Paulo









BR-448 highway, Rio Grande do Sul









Road Connection between BA-526 and BA-099









BR-101 section in Paraíba state









DF-047 highway, Brasília









Bandeirantes, one of Sao Paulo state's main highways









Castelo Branco highway (Sao Paulo-Sorocaba)









road in somewhere very distant in Brazil









Sao Paulo Rodoanel (roadring) - West section


Total road network: circa 2 million km (4th largest network in the world)
Total paved network: 230,000 km
Total divided dual highways (duplicated): 16,000km (2017) (from 11,000km in 2011)

A recent Federal Government concession package (2013-2015) is transfering care and expansion projects of 10,000km of federal highways to private concessionaires. Some 6,800km are being transformed into divided highways/ dual carriageways. This package will dramatically increase highway quality throughout the country. 

The map below shows a different proposal, but illustrates what the Brazilian National & State highway system may look like in 5-10 years (late 2020s)











Automobile rate: 1 per 4 inhabitants
Automobile fleet: circa 45 million (2014)
Trucks, buses, motorcycles and other commercial vehicles: circa 30 million
Total motorvehciles (2014): 84 million
(automobile includes cars, SUVs and small pick-up trucks) - source)










Map of highways by quality 










Map of Brazil's dual carriageway highways shown (completed, u/c and planned)

















source (excellent PDF with proposals for road duplication)

original map

Sao Paulo state's dual carriageway system










another map










CNT National Highway Quality Survey 2012 (PDF)

Graphic - highway quality by state & nationwide, 2013, CNT 









source




Major ongoing projects

SÃO PAULO RINGROAD (RODOANEL MÁRIO COVAS) - 75% operational, final conclusion 2016










South section over dam


















North Section under construction in 2017 (delivery expected for 2019)









Conceived to divert highway through-traffic away from the city's congested highways and the "old ringroad" already engulfed by urban development. The West section opened in 2002, the South section in 2010. The East section opened in July, 2014. The North section started construction in 2012 and is expected to open by 2016.
Video

Map









ANHANGUERA COMPLEX - Sao Paulo

Series of projects to modernize Anhanguera Highway, connecting Sao Paulo city to interior






































RIO DE JANEIRO HIGHWAY ARC



















Opened almost entirely in mid 2014, a small section remains to be built


BELO HORIZONTE BELTWAY










North section to be built between 2015 and 2019, other sections still in planning stage



SANTOS-GUARUJÁ TUNNEL (TÚNEL SUBMERSO SANTOS_GUARUJÁ)

Descriptive PDF 





















BR-116

length: 4,500km










The most important highway in Brazil, nationwide from north to south, fully paved. Each major section between large cities has different names. 

BR-116 - São Paulo-Rio section (Dutra) - The most important section, being the main link between Brazil's two largest metropolitan regions. 










The section hilly section near Rio (Serra das Araras) is due to be modernized, with a new 10km long viaduct/tunnel section in place of the current winding trajectory built in the 50s/60s. Thread.










São Paulo-Curitiba (Régis Bittencourt) - The second most important part, being the main link between the South and the rest of Brazil. A 25km single-road section on Serra do Cafezal forest was finally twinned in 2017. That former two-lane section was one of the worst bottlenecks in Brazilian infrastructure. The expansion required tunnels and bridges.

Video on expansion project:





pictures of 2015:






















AMAZONIAN ROAD PAVING AND CONSTRUCTION

BR-230 TRANSAMAZONIAN



















The Transamazônica (Transamazonian Highway) is being paved through the Tapajos river, though no schedule for full pavement has been revealed.




















BR-319

The highway from Porto Velho to Manaus is 860km long but was poorly built in the 80s and eventually fell into disrepair. Currently usable only in extremities, full restoration is schedule to end by 2017(?).

2015 pics of new bridges































Federal Government page on Private Federal Highway Concessions




SP-99 - Tamoios (Eastern Greater Sao Paulo - Northern coastal SP state)

Already twinned on highland section, the hill section and the rings around Sao Sebastiao and Caraguatatuba will be ready by 2018/2019



















SP-160 - Imigrantes Highway, from Santos region to Sao Paulo city. First section (Santos-Sao Paulo) completed in 1976, second section (Sao Paulo-Santos) completed in 2002






































BR-040 (RIO - BELO HORIZONTE section)



















This national highway connects Rio to Belo Horizonte to Brasilia and beyond. The hilly section between Rio and Petropolis is being twinned and will include Brazil's longest highway tunnel, with about 4km. The remainder to Belo Horizonte has already been almost fully twinned. The BH-Brasilia section is also being fully twinned.


BR-163



























source

Main section connects Mato Grosso do Sul, Mato Grosso and Pará states. Granted in concession in 2014, it is being twinned in its southern sections and paved / twinned in its Amazonian section (Cuiabá-Santarém) providing an alternative route for central Brazil's gargantuan agrarian production, which today has to be funneled to the Southern ports. 


Rio Grande do Sul highway status chart










"Freeway" in Rio Grande do Sul state









BR-448 bridge near Porto Alegre (Estrada do Parque)










BR-101 (FLORIANOPOLIS - PORTO ALEGRE section)




























Being fully duplicated, one of the biggest highway projects in the country right now. Includes Anita Garibaldi bridge (Laguna bridge) 2,8km long.







































BR-101 (ESPIRITO SANTO SECTION)










Being twinned


SP-160 SP-050 Access to Santos Port / Cubatão Petrochemical Complex - reformulation of Cubatão intersections, Sao Paulo stateTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOPORTS AND WATERWAYS

Largest Ports

Santos (São Paulo) - Brazilian thread[/B] - International thread










Brazil's largest port by any measure, responding for over 30% of Brazil's foreign trade. It serves Sao Paulo city & state and much of Brazil's Center-West. By most accounts, it is also Latin America's largest and busiest port.

Official Presentation video
























Other main ports

Paranaguá - serves Paraná state, Curitiba city, 5% of Brazil's foreign trade


















Itajaí - serves Santa Catarina state, 6% of Brazil's foreign trade

Rio Grande - Rio Grande do Sul state, 6.5% of Brazil's foreign trade

Rio de Janeiro - 5% of Brazil's foreign trade

Vitória (Espirito Santo) - 4%

Sao Francisco do Sul (Santa Catarina state) - 3.5%

Suape - 3.5% of Brazils foreign trade

Manaus - 3.5% 

Itaguaí (Rio de Janeiro state) - 1.7%

Port of Natal











WATERWAYS

Hidrovia Tietê-Paraná - connects Sao Paulo state to the Paraná river, which meets the Atlantic near Buenos Aires






































Hidrovia Tocantins-Araguaia

Tucuruí river lock, one of the world's largest (75 meters in height), completed in 2010. 



















Institutional video





Inaugural trip






XINGÓ CANAL - irrigation and anti-drought project 

Over 300km long canal in Bahia and Sergipe state, in project phase as of 2015THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOAIRPORTS AND AIRTRAVEL



RobertoBancrofth said:



World cities by annual airport passenger traffic, 2017

1. Londres → 170.982.770 (+7.926.392)
2. Nova Iorque → 135.514.082 (+4.058.775)
3. Tokyo → 126.277.169 (+7.703.517)
4. Xangai → 111.912.705 (+5.477.705)
5. Los Angeles → 108.057.042 (+5.426.401)
6. Paris → 105.160.006 (+3.991.140)
7. Atlanta → 103.902.992 (-355.132)
8. Chicago → 102.479.419 (+1.840.831)
9. Pequim → 101.739.883 (+1.760.495)
10. Dubai → 100.512.627 (+5.810.384)
11. Bangkok → 99.160.461 (+8.997.550)
12. Istambul → 94.804.603 (+5.107.653)
13. Moscou → 89.489.719 (+13.013.031)
14. Seul → 87 183 179 (+4.374.694)
15. Miami → 82.904.818 (+2.850.816)
16. Dallas → 82.815.841 (+1.582.406)
17. San Francisco → 81.384.995 (+5.994.262)
18. Washington → 73.063.535 (+2.376.784)
19. Hong Kong → 72.868.000 (+2.366.000)
20. Jacarta → 70.949.870 (+7.212.089)
21. São Paulo → 69.126.443 (+2.310.853)
22. Amsterdam → 68.461.214 (+4.815.014)
23. Frankfurt → 66.948.498 (+3.537.206)
24. Guangzhou → 65 776 088 (+6.043.941)
25. Délhi → 63.451.503 (+7.820.118)
26. Singapura → 62.219.573 (+3.521.534)
28. Kuala Lumpur → 61.435.213 (+5.975.978)
29. Denver → 61.379.396 (+3.112.881)
30. Houston → 54.131.888 (-392.876)
31. Madrid → 53.402.506 (+2.981.923)
32. Taipei → 50.821.856 (+2.382.089)
33. Barcelona → 50.254.280 (+3.617.213)​

Click to expand...



Air network in Brazil









Aircraft maneuvering at Brasilia International Airport









Brazil has the third largest domestic aviation market, after the USA and China. There are 4000 active airoports in the country, 35 of which are international.


São Paulo International Airport (Franco Montoro, Guarulhos - GRU) - Brazil's largest, handling over 37% of passenger traffic in the country. Termimal 1 opened in 1985, Terminal 2 opened in 1992, Terminal 4 in 2010, Terminal 3 in 2014. Privatized in 2012. 
































































Construction of Terminal 3 (completed in 2014 for the World Cup) dramatically increased capacity and quality. Annual traffic: 40 million passengers (2014 estimate), 50 million/year are expected for 2018. It is the 24th busiest airport in the world. 










Capacity: 
Terminals 1 & 2 = 26 million; 
Terminal 3 = 12 million
Terminal 4 = 2 million
Terminal 5 (planned 2018/2020)

Regular CPTM Line 13 train service opened in 2018, connecting the airport to the city's heavy rail network















Sao Paullo Domestic Airport - Congonhas (CGN) - it was the city's only major airport (including international) until 1985, when Guarulhos/Cumbica opened, and it remained as a domestic flight hub. Brazil's third busiest airport.






















20 million passengers/year


Rio de Janeiro International Airport - Antonio Carlos Jobim - Galeão - 18 million passengers/year. It was privatized in concession in 2014 and will be extensively modernized before the 2016 Olympics.





















Brasília International Airport "Juscelino Kubitschek" - second busiest airport in Brazil















































Viracopos Airport, near Campinas, Sao Paulo state, Brazil's fifth largest airport, with major plans to make it much bigger in the near future.











Recife International Airport "Gilberto Freyre"THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOELECTRICITY

Total installed capacity: 158.148.123 kW (2018) (source)


Installed capacity in 2001: 75GW


Actually generated electricty (2013)
Hydro: 75-80% 
Gas/Coal: 10%
Oil: 5%
Wind: 4%
Nuclear: 2-3%
Wikipedia article


Official graphic on installed capacity by source



Ferraz/RBR said:



Consumo de energia elétrica em 2011 (TWh) e variação em relação a 2010

1. China 4.207 (15,8%)
2. Estados Unidos 3.882 (-0,1%)
3. Japão 983 (-1,2%)
4. Russia 869 (1,3%)
5. Índia 757 (8,4%)
6. Canadá 551 (3,1%)
7. Alemanha 537 (-1,2%)
8. Brasil 481 (3,5%)
9. Coreia do Sul 472 (4,9)
10. França 447 (-5,7)


Capacidade Instalada de geração elétrica em 2011 (GW)

1. China: 1082
2. Estados Unidos: 1.030
3. Japão: 261
4. Índia: 233
5. Alemanha: 148
6. Brasil: 117
7. Itália: 96
8. França: 93
9. Reino Unido: 88
10. Espanha: 27


Capacidade Instalada Hidrelétricas em 2011 (GW)

1. China: 231
2. Brasil: 82
3. Estados Unidos: 78
4. Canadá: 74
5. Rússia: 47
6. Índia: 42
7. Noruega: 28
8. Japão: 22
9. França: 18
10. Turquia: 17

Click to expand...














The 2011 decadal plan indicates that Brazil will need to add 70GW of installed capacity in its electrical system by 2020, reaching 180-190GW, most of which is planned to come from new hydro.

HYDRO

Brazil and Its Hidroelectric Powerplants (O Brasil e suas Usinas Hidrelétricas)





National Geographic Incredible Projects - Itaipu Powerplant





Megadams in operation

Itaipu - 14.20GW - (Paraná state) Largest hydro powerplant in the world by actual generation (second largest by installed capacity). Operational since 1982.









Tucuruí - 8.37GW - (Pará state) Third largest hydro in the world by generation and installed capacity. Completed in 1984.


















Xingó - 3.16GW (Alagoas/Sergipe states)









Ilha Solteira / Jupiá Paraná River (4GW)










Furnas (Minas Gerais) (1.2GW)











Major projects


1 - BELO MONTE HYDROELECTRIC POWERPLANT (Pará State)
Capacity 11.23 GW
Capacity factor 40%
Largest hydroelectric powerplant under construction outside China today, it will be operational by 2016.
Official thread




















































2 - JIRAU AND SANTO ANTONIO HYDROELECTRIC POWERPLANTS (Rondonia State)
On the Madeira River, Southern Amazon
Joint capacity 6,45GW
Partly operational since 2012. 




























Videos




















ABB videos - the world's largest electric transformers ever were built and delivered for this project by ABB





TAPAJÓS RIVER COMPLEX - COMPLEXO DO TAPAJÓS

A series of large hydro plants to be built on the Tapajós River, totalling 11-13GW of installed capacity, the first units to be licensed by 2014 and start construction by 2015-2016. Most units are just vague plans.

Units:
UHE São Luiz do Tapajós
UHE Jatobá
UHE Jamanxim
UHE Cachoeira do Caí
UHE Cachoeira dos Patos

OTHER PROJECTS

Usina de Teles Pires (Teles Pires river, Mato Grosso state) - 1.8GW - completion 2015 - (wiki)













SOLAR AND WIND

In 2013 wind provided roughly 4% of Brazil's electricty, and expansion is very rapid.

Brazil's Wind Potential Map



















Largest generating unit in Brazil is in Rio Grande do Norte state (1,2GW)












NUCLEAR

Brazil currently operates two commercial nuclear reactors, both at the Angra dos Reis facility, between Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. The first power plant Angra I became operational in 1982, the second Angra II became operational in 2002. Angra III is under construction for operations by 2018.

Current capacity is around 2GW, Angra III will add another 1,2GW to the complex. Further plans for around 7 nuclear powerplants in Brazil have existed since the 70s, but are currently on hold.





















NATURAL GAS & COAL

Pecém Energia powerplant near Pecém Port, Ceará state. Largest coal-fired thermal powerplant in Brazil, 720GW











Uruguaiana natural gas powerplant (450MW)THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOFOSSIL FUELS AND BIOFUELSTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOPETROLEUM AND REFINERIES










Refap (Alberto Pasqualini) Refinery in Rio Grande do Sul









https://www.statista.com/statistics/273579/countries-with-the-largest-oil-refinery-capacity/


Thesis on petroleum refining in Brazil


**CANCELLED** PREMIUM I REFINERY (Macabeira, Maranhão state) - most expensive infrastructure project in Brazil today (R$40 billion, US$20 billion)

It will be the 5th largest refinery in the world, handling 1/3 of Brazil's petroleum production










Official PAC webiste




General Information

Premium I is being built in the city of Bacabeira, 60 km from São Luis (MA). It, which will be our biggest refinery, will produce high-quality fuels. In its first phase, the new facility will have a throughput of 300,000 barrels/day. Once work has been fully completed this figure will reach 600,000 barrels/day.

Location:
BR 402, Km 01 - Bacabeira - MA
CEP: 65143-000

Phone:
(98) 3217-3327

Technical Features

First phase throughput will be 300,000 barrels/day. Upon completion of the works, it will be 600,000 barrels/day.

The Premium I refinery will produce diesel fuel, jet fuel, petrochemical naphtha, LPG (cooking gas), bunker (fuel for ships) and coke.

Brief status of the works

The Premium I Refinery project is at the assessment stage. A hundred percent of the earthwork has been completed in the southern area of the plot, within the project's schedule.

The refinery is in our 2014-2018 Business and Management Plan bidding portfolio. Invitations were issued to the market relating to the hydrogen generation and water and wastewater treatment units in March. The first stage of Premium I is expected to come on stream in 2018.

Click to expand...

Production to start by 2017, completion by 2022. Diesel, cooking gas, kerosene, naphtha.


**CANCELLED** Premium II Refinery to be located in neigboring Ceará state




A Petrobras assinou nesta sexta-feira, 22, em Fortaleza, o termo de compromisso indígena da Refinaria Premium II, dentro do processo de licenciamento para as obras de construção da usina. Com a assinatura, a Petrobras compromete-se a reembolsar a metade das despesas do governo do Ceará com a compra de terreno, pagamento de indenizações, construção de infraestrutura para a realocação das comunidades e criação da reserva indígena. O reembolso por parte da estatal será limitado a R$ 15 milhões.

A Refinaria Premium II será construída em Caucaia (CE), a 50 quilômetros da capital cearense, no Complexo Industrial e Portuário de Pecém, e terá capacidade de processar 300 mil barris de petróleo por dia, abastecendo o mercado nacional de derivados com baixo teor de enxofre. O termo de compromisso foi assinado pela Petrobras, governo do Estado, Fundação Nacional do Índio (Funai), Ministério Público Federal (MPF), Superintendência do Patrimônio da União (SPU) e comunidades indígenas e tornará viável a criação da reserva Taba dos Anacés.

Click to expand...


Refinaria Abreu Lima (Ipojuca, Pernambuco state) - construction started in 2007, originally budgeted at US$ 2 billion, now costs are estimated at US$20 billion. It will be the first major refinery built entirely with Brazilian technology. It entered operational stage in 2014, and will have an ultimate capacity of 250,000 barrels/day in 2017.




















Comperj - major refinery under construction in Rio de Janeiro. Expected to open in 2016. Capacity 165,000 barrels/day.











EXISTING

Paulínia Refinery, Sao Paulo state - largest refinery in Brazil, capacity 450,000 barrels/day











Presidente Bernardes Refinery, operational since 1955, Santos/Cubatão (Sao Paulo state) - cappacity 178,000 barrels/day











Most of Brazil's oil comes from off-shore platforms, such as P-55THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOWATER, SANITATION

São Paulo's Rivers Decontamination

Projeto Tietê

Phase I and II complete, phase III to be complete by 2025. By 2018, 100% of the city's waste waters will be treated, but 30% of the pollution comes from air pollution and dirty rain waters. 











Percentage of households with collected and treated sewage, by state, 2010



JPMagalhães said:



São Paulo - 90,74%
Distrito Federal -87,87%
Rio de Janeiro - 85,30%
Minas Gerais - 77,49%
Santa Catarina - 75,59%
Rio Grande do Sul - 73,59%
Espírito Santo - 72,90%
Paraná - 64,16%
Pernambuco - 53,31%
Bahia - 49,58%
Sergipe - 48,93%
Paraíba - 47,93%
Goiás - 47,84%
Rio Grande do Norte - 44,15%
Roraima - 42,26%
Ceará - 42,23%
Amazonas - 40,24%
Mato Grosso do Sul - 37,68%
Mato Grosso - 35,40%
Acre - 33,54%
Alagoas - 31,29%
Pará - 29,15%
Piauí - 28,65%
Tocantins - 28,22%
Maranhão - 25,08%
Amapá - 22,30%
Rondônia - 22,18%

Click to expand...


Percentage of municipalities with sewage treatment



JPMagalhães said:



1-Distrito Federal	- 100,0%
2-São Paulo - 99,8%
3-Espírito Santo - 97,4%
4-Rio de Janeiro - 92,4%
5-Minas Gerais - 91,6%
6-Pernambuco - 88,1%
7-Paraíba -73,1%
8-Ceará -69,6%
9-Bahia - 51,3%
10-Mato Grosso do Sul - 44,9%
11-Paraná - 42,1%
12-Alagoas - 41,2%
13-Rio Grande do Sul - 40,5%
14-Roraima - 40,0%
15-Rio Grande do Norte - 35,3%
16-Santa Catarina - 35,2%
17-Sergipe - 34,7%
18-Amapá - 31,3%
19-Goiás - 28,0%
20-Acre - 27,3%
21-Mato Grosso - 19,1%
22-Amazonas - 17,7%
23-Tocantins - 12,9%
24-Rondônia - 9,6%
25-Maranhão - 6,5%
26-Pará - 6,3%
27-Piauí - 4,5%

Click to expand...THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOSOCIAL SECURITY, HOUSING & LAND REFORM

National Geographical Institute 2013 Social Development Report (Síntese de Indicadores Sociais IBGE)

Federal Social Housing Project (Minha Casa Minha Vida)
Official website

PDF on housing deficit

420,000 homes donated to low-income houses as of April 2013
Over 300,000 homes sold on subsidized credit
Over 1 million homes to be built and sold on subsidized credit in the next few years
In total 1,4 million homes delivered by the project as of late 2013, abother 700,000 to be delivered in the next few yearsTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOhhhhhTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOSÃO FRANCISCO RIVER DIVERSION

The São Francisco river is one of Brazil's three major river basins, after the Amazon and the Paraná, and the only to be entirely within the country's borders. About 2% of the river's water will be diverted into canals for irrigation and human consumption in a number of drought-stricken areas of Brazil's rural Northeast.

This river diversion program is one of the largest infrastructure works under construction. Originally scheduled to be completed by 2012, construction delays have postponed the opening to 2017, when only part of the project was put in operations.










http://www1.folha.uol.com.br/infograficos/2013/11/78774-como-a-agua-do-rio-sera-desviada.shtml














































News video from 2012THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOBRIDGES

Current:

Rio-Niteroi bridge - 14km - 1974 - longest bridge in Brazil


























Historical video





Manaus-Iranduba bridge - Manaus (North) - 3.5km - 2011

















Kubitschek bridge - urban - Brasília - 2002









João Alves - Aracaju (Sergipe state, Northeast)









Pará-Manituba bridge - Belém (Pará state, North)

















Newton Navarro bridge - Natal (Rio Grande do Norte state, Northeast) - 2,7km - 2007

















Highway bridge access to Santa Catarina island, in Florianopolis









Vitória-Vila Velha bridge - Vitória (Southeast) - 


















Ponte Rodoferroviária (1998 - Paraná river, border Sao Paulo and Mato Grosso do Sul states) - part of Ferronorte Railroad that links the Midwest to Sao Paulo's port of Santos



















Francisco de Sá railroad bridge over the Paraná river, some 250km south of the bridge above











Porto de Alencastro bridge (2003, Mato Grosso do Sul - Minas Gerais)











Hercílio Luz bridge (1926, Florianópolis - Santa Catarina state) - closed and eternally under renovation











Brazil-Peru border bridge











Golberto Amado bridge, 2002, links Bahia and Alagoas states










Dutra railroad bridge over Paraguai river, 1947, part of Noroeste railroad











Pedro II bridge near Paulo Afonso hydro plant, Bahia










Paulo Afonso hanging bridge











Benjamin Constant bridge, 1897, Manaus (Amazon)












U/C and planned:

Salvador-Itaparica bridge - 12km - construction start: 2014/2015THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOURBAN INFRASTRUCTURE

SAO PAULO


Tietê Marginal Freeway - reputed the world's second busiest urban freeway (after Toronto's 401)





























Marginal Pinheiros Freeway



















Octavio Frias Bridge (2008)


















May 23rd/South Corridor - Downtown-South urban freeway 




























Itaquera World Cup Stadium freeway and overpasses



















Radial Leste (East Side Freeway) 




















For Sao Paulo's metro system, please visit the Sao Paulo Public Transport thread

Barra Funda intermodal station (metro, suburban rail, bus)

















Brás station









Luz station 









Sé station











RIO DE JANEIRO


International Airport Freeway (Estrada do Galeão)












Linha Vermelha (Red Freeway)




















Joá Elevated - linking South Side with Barra da Tijuca (West Side)











Avenida Brasil












Rio de Janeiro metro, suburban rail, BRT - please visit the BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION thread

Central do Brasil station









Metro station, Line 1









BRT system








International Airport BRT station










Salvador urban freeway and overpasses











Recife "Via Mangue" freewayTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOINDUSTRY, SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

Brazilian Economy by sector











Geographic distribution of Brazil's industrial output











Scientific production in Brazil went up several positions in the past 20 years.










Map of steel industry in Brazil. Brazil is the 8th largest producer of steel in the world.











Map of automobile factories in Brazil











Sao Paulo state is the undisputed center of Brazil's industrial and scientific sectors. 

Brazil today produces over 3.5 million vehicles a year.

VW plant in Sao Paulo producing the Gol, Brazil's best selling car:









historical picture showing Volkswagen Gol generation I production in the early 80s










Bombardier Monorail factory in Sao Paulo











Sao Paulo state is also the home of Embraer, the world's 3rd largest manufacturer of airplanes



















Jetfighter AMX:


















Military cargo airplane KC390




















BRASKEM headquartered in Sao Paulo is the world's 4th largest chemicals manufacturer



















DELL manufactures notebooks in Sao Paulo (Hortolândia) and Rio Grande do Sul state











AMSTAD-MAXXION locomotive factory











MARCOPOLO (Rio Grande do Sul) is one of the world's largest manufacturers of buses












WEG in Santa Catarina is one of the world's largest manufacturers of electric motors



















in Sao Paulo state, Tecsis is one of the world's largest producers of blades for wind power generating units














Shipbuilding today is concentrated in Rio de Janeiro and Pernambuco states















































Oil platforms are also produced in Brazil, most of Brazil's oil comes from offshore wells





















Brazilian Multinational Corporations














ZONA FRANCA DE MANAUS - Free Zone of Manaus. Established in the 1970s to develop the Amazon, the Free Zone is an industrial area of Manaus city (pop 2 million) where the manufacture and assembly of industrial consumer products (electronics, white line, motorcycles and light commercial vehicles) can be done with little or no taxation. From the 60s until the early 90's, consumer products could not be directly imported to Brazil, so most consumer electronics in the country were manufactured/ assembled in Manaus and than shipped to other regions.




















SPACE PROGRAM

Brazilian suborbital sounding rockets. Brazil's first suborbital launches took place in the 1970's.










The orbital program has failed to orbit the VLS vehicle in two attempts. 









The failed launch attempt of VLS 2


Currently the Brazilian-Ukrainian joint venture Alcantara-Cyclone is posed to launch an orbital vehicle from Northeastern Brazil before 2016. (CANCELLED due to meltdown in Ukraine and problems in Brazil)THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOMINING AND AGRICULTURE

Brazil is the fourth largest producer of agricultural products and the second largest exporter





































In 2012 Brazil surpassed the USA as the largest exporter of soybeans




















Brazil also leads the world in oranges and orange juiceTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOETHETURTUJRYJTYKUKTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOMILITARY AND DEFENSE




























The Brazilian Navy operates 1 aircraft carrier, the Sao Paulo












Brazilian Nuclear Submarine under construction (slated for 2026?)











Brazilian diesel submarineTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOHISTORICAL MATERIAL

Transamazonian Highway (1970)





Belém-Brasilia Highway (1962)





Ferrovia Mogiana





Urubupungá Paraná River Hydroelectric Powerplant Complex, built in the early 1970s, back then the second largest powerplant complex on Earth (after Krasnoyarsk), GWTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOThe Qattara Depression Project








The Project - 








Qattara Depression Project - Wikipedia







en.wikipedia.org





Project Benefits -

Terraforming the Sahara desert - Cooling the climate of North-Africa, the Middle-East and Southern Europe
Reduce global sea level
Reclaim millions of acres of desert land for agricultural use
6800mw Hydroelectric power
Fish farming
Expansive lake-side real estate
Tourism

The Qattara Depression

The Qattara Depression is a depression in northwestern Egypt, specifically in the Matruh Governorate. The depression is part of the Western Desert of Egypt. The Qattara Depression lies below sea level, and its bottom is covered with salt pans, dunes, and salt marshes. The depression extends between the latitudes of 28°35' and 30°25' north and the longitudes of 26°20' and 29°02' east.[3]

The Qattara Depression was created by the interplay of salt weathering and wind erosion. Some 20 kilometres west of the depression lie the oases of Siwa in Egypt and Jaghbub in Libya in smaller but similar depressions.

The Qattara Depression contains the second-lowest point in Africa at an elevation of 133 metres (436 ft) below sea level, the lowest point being Lake Assal in Djibouti. The depression covers about 19,605 square kilometres (7,570 sq mi), a size comparable with Lake Ontario or twice as large as Lebanon. Due to its size and proximity to the shores of the Mediterranean Sea, studies have been made for the potential to generate hydroelectricity here.

History 

In 1923 John Ball purposed the idea of creating an artificial lake in the Qattara Depression. Doing so would create the world's 13th largest lake. The Depression, unlike other Depressions elsewhere in the world, is only 55km from the (Mediterranean) sea at its narrowest point.

The creation of the lake will not only terraform the Sahara desert, but would turn useless barren land into expensive lake-side property. The lake will benefit the economy through fishing, farming and tourism. It may also be used for drinking water with advanced destination technics.

By 1964, German engineer, Friedrich Bassler made the case for digging a Canal. The Canal would be 55km long with a debt of 60m. In comparison, the Suez Canal is 193kmlong and 24m deep.

Despite being located in the Sahara, evaporation would not be an issue, as the constant flow of water from the Mediterranean would maintain water levels. The flow of water from the Canal would also provide an opportunity to generate hydroelectric power. The dam would produce over, 6800mw of electricity.

Because the price tag of digging the canal was too high, Mr Bassler suggested using nukes. His plan would see 213 holes dug in a straight line across the Depression to the Mediterranean. 1.5 mega-ton nukes would be placed in each hole and deteriorate at once. For reference, each bomb is 100x more powerful than the bomb dropped in Hiroshima. The explosion would create the canal in an instant.

Unfortunately, this plan was seen as unfeasible as it would result in a radioactive lake like that of Lake Karachay in Russia, which was created in a similar manner. The fallout of the nukes would also affect people in both Egypt and Southern Europe.

Revisiting the Qattara Depression Project

Modern technology has made the digging of canals relatively cheap, in contrast to the manual labour that would have been used in the original plan.

Egypt may only need to apply similar methods used in the digging of the new Suez Canal Corridor in 2014/2015. It would cost approximately $1-2bn to dig the canal and revenue would be made from the energy produced via hydroelectric dam(s).

Alternately, Egypt could save money by seeking the help of Elon Musk's Boring Company to dig the canal/tunnel to the depression. The Boring Company could use this project as a case study into how tunnels/canals would be dug on Mars. Terraforming the Sahara may also be of interest to Musk as he seeks to do Terraform Mars.

The Qattara Depression Project -






The Boring Company / Elon Musk Explore Qattara Lake Mega-Project -






Harnessing energy + Decreasing/slowing sea level -I usually only post on the Egyptian forum, so please forgive me if this project doesn't belong here.

This is Egypt's alterative to the famous Atlantropa project.

The Sahara desert has an area of 9,200,000 km2 (3,600,000 sq mi), roughly the size of the United States.
It is made up of useless sand with a population of only 2m and hundreds of millions living around it.
If we can terraform the Sahara, making it liveable, we can fight climate change, increase agricultural yield, and lower sea levels.

The Qattara Depression Project has the potential of changing our planet and the world's economy. It could provide us with a tremendous amount of resources and significantly improve all our lives, not only in Egypt but globally.In here, post your local PD vehicles picsHong Kong*My Series: India, Suriname

Follow your Euro's through Europe, and maybe the rest of the world.ROYAL MALAYSIA POLICE (Polis Di-Raja Malaysia)The MALAYSIAN ForumsThat is infront of the Petronas Towers right!Rapid said:



That is infront of the Petronas Towers right!

Click to expand...

Yes it is!The MALAYSIAN ForumsOnly decent picture I could find.

HPDNew York City Police Department

Old - New










































ConceptPolice patrol cars in Hamburg:



































Police patrol bikes in Hamburg:



















This car is used for public relations work:










The Hamburg police is currently switching from the green color scheme to the blue one. 

A website dedicated to german policecars and bikes (in german language)LAPDs Toyota T100I like the hamburg mercedes carsNew Zealand Highway Patrol car^ You gotta love Holdens HSV.SUCKAPOREThats a standard vt commodore isnt it? could be an ss im not too sure....hahaha the things you learn while youre over here! 
i also learnt that some states back in the US were using commodore SS's for highway patrol because theyre relatively cheap and damn fast!
HSVs have become one of my fave brands in the last year ive gotta say, im going to try and import a left hand drive one when i get back homebennyboiler said:



Thats a standard vt commodore isnt it? could be an ss im not too sure....hahaha the things you learn while youre over here! 
i also learnt that some states back in the US were using commodore SS's for highway patrol because theyre relatively cheap and damn fast!
HSVs have become one of my fave brands in the last year ive gotta say, im going to try and import a left hand drive one when i get back home 

Click to expand...

Dubai Police uses Commodore SS also, but mostly they use BMW 540i and prior to those, Mercedes E-class W210 (before facelift)

I don't have any picture though.

PS. Here the Commodore, the Monaro and the Stateman are sold as Chevrolet Lumina (sedan and Coupe) and Caprice, of course LHD.I am the eye in the sky, Looking at you 
I can read your mind 
I am the maker of rules, Dealing with fools 
I can cheat you blind.New police car in Italy










































It's the Lamborghini Gallardo: 5.000 cc, 500 bhp, 310 Km/h, 150.000 €IRRIDUCIBILI
INTER F.C.
WWW.REINHOLD-MESSNER.ITSome from Australia...
NSW

Commodores

































Falcon









Police Launch









Thanks to all the photographers from http://www.inthejob.com/ where the images orginate.$5 fun time.Rule#1 no chit-chat, no discussions beyond facts and statistics


BRAZIL 

population: 210 million (2020 estimate)



Political system

Presidential Republic

Executive power organization









Judicial power organizationTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOIT'S THE ECONOMY STUPID


World's largest economies in Purchasing Power Parity GDP by 2020 by International Monatary Fund









Largest economies by Market Exchange Rates (European countries bloat due to expensive Euro/Pound)









Brazilian economic size in relation to the world peaked in the 80s, not because Brazil shrunk, but because Asia rose.









Population & GNP growth plotted









Population, GNP & per capita income









International reserves held by Brazilian State, in USD, historical chart










Evolution of per capita income in adjusted USD









Long term (1870-2015) evolution of per capita income









Evolution of per capita income in adjusted Brazilian Real (BRL)









When each country reached which per capita income










Federal public debt (BLUE - gross debt - RED - net debt)










BRAZIL'S PER CAPITA INCOME AS PERCENTAGE OF US PER CAPITA INCOME SINCE 1870 (with Western Europe, Argentina, Chile and Uruguay)












HFHF said:



Per Capita GDP (1990 International Geary-Khamis dollars) 
United States=100 
Ano --- W.E* --- Argentina --- Brazil --- Chile --- Uruguay
1870 --- 85 --- 54 --- 29 --- 53 --- 89 MONARQUIA Imperador Dom Pedro  II
1880 --- 72 --- 0 --- 24 --- 55 --- 65 
1890 --- 78 --- 63 --- 23 --- 58 --- 63 REPÚBLICA Deodoro da Fonseca | Floriano Peixoto | Prudente do Morais
1900 --- 75 --- 67 --- 17 --- 54 --- 54 
1901 --- 68 --- 65 --- 16 --- 50 --- 50 Campos Sales
1902 --- 69 --- 61 --- 16 --- 52 --- 58
1903 --- 68 --- 66 --- 16 --- 47 --- 57
1904 --- 71 --- 72 --- 16 --- 52 --- 60 Rodrigues Alves
1905 --- 68 --- 75 --- 15  --- 49 --- 50
1906 --- 64 --- 69 --- 15 --- 47 --- 50
1907 --- 66 --- 68 --- 15 --- 50 --- 54
1908 --- 72 --- 80 --- 16 --- 60 --- 65 Afonso Pena
1909 --- 67 --- 74 --- 15 --- 54 --- 59
1910 --- 68 --- 77 --- 15  --- 60 --- 63 Nilo Peçanha
1911 --- 69 --- 74 --- 17 --- 57 --- 59 
1912 --- 69 --- 75 --- 16 --- 57 --- 67
1913 --- 70 --- 72 --- 15  --- 56 --- 62 Hermes da Fonseca
1914 --- 72 --- 69 --- 16 --- 52 --- 55
1915 --- 72 --- 67 --- 16 --- 49 --- 51
1916 --- 67 --- 57 --- 15 --- 53 --- 46
1917 --- 68 --- 53 --- 16 --- 56 --- 52 Venceslau Brás
1918 --- 61 --- 57 --- 14 --- 52 --- 50 
1919 --- 57 --- 58 --- 16 --- 44 --- 55 Delfim Moreira
1920 --- 60 --- 63 ---  17  --- 50 --- 48
1921 --- 62 --- 65 --- 18 --- 45 --- 52 Epitácio Pessoa
1922 --- 65 --- 66 --- 18 --- 44 --- 56
1923 --- 57 --- 63 --- 17 --- 47 --- 51
1924 --- 61 --- 65 --- 16 --- 49 --- 55 Arthur Bernardes
 1925 --- 63 --- 62 --- 16 --- 50 --- 51
1926 --- 60 --- 60 --- 15 --- 43 --- 51
1927 --- 63 --- 63 --- 16 --- 42 --- 58
1928 --- 65 --- 65 --- 18 --- 51 --- 59
1929 --- 64 --- 63 --- 16  --- 50 --- 56 Washington Luís
 1930 --- 69 --- 66 --- 17 --- 46 --- 69
1931 --- 71 --- 65 --- 18 --- 39 --- 62
1932 --- 80 --- 72 --- 21 --- 38 --- 65
1933 --- 84 --- 76 --- 23 --- 47 --- 58
1934 --- 82 --- 75 --- 22 --- 52 --- 63
1935 --- 79 --- 72 --- 21 --- 51 --- 61
1936 --- 73 --- 63 --- 20 --- 46 --- 56
1937 --- 74 --- 64 --- 19 --- 49 --- 54
1938 --- 79 --- 66 --- 21 --- 52 --- 60 Getúlio Vargas
1939 --- 78 --- 63 --- 19 --- 48 --- 56
1940 --- 71 --- 59 --- 18 --- 46 --- 52
1941 --- 62 --- 52 --- 16 --- 38 --- 45
1942 --- 51 --- 44 --- 13 --- 33 --- 34
1943 --- 43 --- 36 --- 12 --- 28 --- 29
1944 --- 39 --- 37 --- 11 --- 26 --- 30
1945 --- 35 --- 37 --- 12 --- 30 --- 32
1946 --- 43 --- 51 --- 16 --- 40 --- 44
1947 --- 47 --- 57 --- 17 --- 36 --- 49
1948 --- 48 --- 58 --- 18 --- 41 --- 49
1949 --- 53 --- 56 --- 19 --- 40 --- 50 Eurico Gaspar Dutra
1950 --- 52 --- 52 --- 17 --- 38 --- 49
1951 --- 52 --- 50 --- 17 --- 37 --- 49
1952 --- 52 --- 46 --- 17 --- 38 --- 48 Getúlio Vargas
1953 --- 53 --- 46 --- 17 --- 39 --- 48
1954 --- 57 --- 48 --- 18 --- 38 --- 52
1955 --- 58 --- 48 --- 18 --- 36 --- 49 Café Filho | Carlos Luz| Nereu Ramos
1956 --- 60 --- 48 --- 17 --- 36 --- 49
1957 --- 62 --- 50 --- 18 --- 39 --- 49
1958 --- 65 --- 54 --- 20 --- 41 --- 51
1959 --- 64 --- 47 --- 20 --- 36 --- 43 Juscelino KubitschekKubitschek
1960 --- 67 --- 49 --- 21 --- 38 --- 44
1961 --- 69 --- 51 --- 21 --- 38 --- 44 Jânio Quadros
1962 --- 69 --- 48 --- 21 --- 38 --- 41
1963 --- 69 --- 45 --- 20 --- 38 --- 39 João Goulart
1964 --- 69 --- 46 --- 19 --- 36 --- 38 REGIME MILITAR Castelo Branco (C.B)
1965 --- 68 --- 47 --- 18 --- 34 --- 36 C.B
1966 --- 66 --- 45 --- 18 --- 35 --- 35 C.B
1967 --- 67 --- 45 --- 18 --- 35 --- 33 Costa e Silva (C.S)
1968 --- 68 --- 44 --- 18 --- 34 --- 32 C.S
1969 --- 70 --- 46 --- 19 --- 34 --- 33 C.S
1970 --- 73 --- 49 --- 20 --- 35 --- 34 Emílio Garrastazu Médici (Médici)
1971 --- 73 --- 49 --- 21 --- 37 --- 34 Médici
1972 --- 73 --- 48 --- 22 --- 34 --- 31 Médici
1973 --- 73 --- 48 --- 23 --- 30 --- 30 Médici
1974 --- 75 --- 51 --- 25 --- 30 --- 31 Ernesto Geisel (Geisel)
1975 --- 75 --- 50 --- 26 --- 26 --- 33 Geisel
1976 --- 75 --- 47 --- 26 --- 26 --- 33 Geisel
1977 --- 74 --- 47 --- 26 --- 27 --- 32 Geisel
1978 --- 73 --- 42 --- 25 --- 27 --- 32 Geisel
1979 --- 74 --- 44 --- 26 --- 28 --- 33 João Figueiredo (Figueiredo)
1980 --- 75 --- 44 --- 28 --- 31 --- 35 Figueiredo
1981 --- 74 --- 40 --- 26 --- 31 --- 36 Figueiredo
1982 --- 77 --- 40 --- 26 --- 27 --- 33 Figueiredo
1983 --- 76 --- 39 --- 24 --- 25 --- 30 Figueiredo
1984 --- 73 --- 37 --- 23 --- 25 --- 27 Figueiredo
1985 --- 72 --- 33 --- 24 --- 24 --- 27 Figueiredo (até Março)
1986 --- 72  --- 34 --- 24 --- 25 --- 28REPÚBLICA José Sarney
1987 --- 72 --- 33 --- 24 --- 25 --- 30
1988 --- 73 --- 31 ---  23 --- 26 --- 29
1989 --- 73 --- 28 ---  23 --- 27 --- 28
1990 --- 72 --- 28 --- 21 --- 28 --- 28
1991 --- 74 --- 31 --- 21 --- 30 --- 29 Fernando Collor
1992 --- 73 --- 32 --- 21 --- 32 --- 30
1993 --- 72 --- 33 --- 21 --- 33 --- 31 Itamar Franco
1994 --- 72 --- 34 --- 21  --- 35 --- 31
1995 --- 72 --- 33 --- 22 --- 36 --- 30
1996 --- 71 --- 33 ---  21 --- 38 --- 30
1997 --- 71 --- 34 --- 21 --- 38 --- 31
1998 --- 70 --- 34 --- 20 --- 38 --- 31
1999 --- 70 --- 32 --- 19 --- 36 --- 29 Fernando Henrique Cardoso
2000 --- 70 --- 30 --- 19 --- 36 --- 28
2001 --- 71 --- 29 --- 19 --- 37 --- 27
2002 --- 71 --- 25 --- 19 --- 37 --- 23
2003 --- 70 --- 27 --- 19 --- 38 --- 23
2004 --- 70 --- 28 --- 19 --- 38 --- 25
2005 --- 69 --- 30 --- 19 --- 39 --- 26
2006 --- 70 --- 31 --- 19 --- 40 --- 28 Luíz Inácio Lula da Silva
2007 --- 71 --- 33 --- 20 --- 41 --- 29
2008 --- 71 --- 35 --- 21 --- 42 --- 32

* Western Europe – Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom.

(subzc) : http://www.ggdc.net/maddison/Historical_Statistics/horizontal-file_02-2010.xls

TABELA ORIGINAL (subzc)

Click to expand...THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMODEMOGRAPHICS

BRAZIL POPULATION 2018: 210 MILLION

Population growth since late 19th century









Child mortality rate 2016: 13.8 deaths for each 1000 infants

CHILD MORTALITY from 1980 through 2009









AVERAGE CHILD PER WOMAN (2015): 1.75

PERCENTAGE OF POPULATION UNDERNOURISHED (2016): 1.6%
Rate in 2001: 12.3%


POVERTY RATE




























Percentage of pop living overseas











URBAN POVERTY / SLUMS (FAVELAS)



joao3190 said:



 méxico tem a maiores favela do mundo na america latina









Brasil e argentina ainda bem menores em favelas,acreditem 







































































Click to expand...THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOR&DTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOLABOR

Brazilian labor cost online calculator

PER CAPITA HOUSEHOLD INCOME
R$ 1.268/month

MINIMUM WAGE IN BRAZIL
USD 1,30 / hour
USD 280 / month

Labor tax competitiveness country comparison PDF (2012)










Brazilian labor costs compared to world averageTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOPOLITICAL PARTIES

























































































Partido Progressista (PP) é um partido político brasileiro. Com 1 416 166 filiados em maio de 2012, é o quarto maior partido do país, atrás apenas do Partido do Movimento Democrático Brasileiro (PMDB), Partido dos Trabalhadores (PT) e do Partido da Social Democracia Brasileira (PSDB).[6] Suas cores são o vermelho, o branco e o azul e seu símbolo é uma flor estilizada. Seu código eleitoral é o 11.

Sua mais conhecida liderança é o político, engenheiro e empresário paulista Paulo Maluf, que concorreu indiretamente à Presidência da República em 1985, num pleito que foi vencido por Tancredo Neves. Em Santa Catarina o partido mostra suas forças principalmente em torno da família Amin: Esperidião Amin, eleito duas vezes governador e também prefeito da capital, Florianópolis, e sua mulher, Ângela Amin, elegeu-se duas vezes prefeita de Florianópolis e por duas vezes disputou a eleição para governador do estado, tendo perdido ambas, em 2010 para o democrata Raimundo Colombo. No Rio de Janeiro, o partido tem um importante filiado: Francisco Dornelles, senador da República pelo estado no período 2007–2014 e vice-governador na chapa de Luiz Fernando Pezão (PMDB). Outros membros históricos do PP são os economistas Roberto Campos (falecido em 2001 quando ainda estava filiado ao partido), Antônio Delfim Netto (que em 2005 saiu e ingressou no PMDB), e Pratini de Moraes (ainda membro do PP), todos ministros da área econômica do governo federal no período do regime militar, além de Affonso Celso Pastore (que também se desfiliou do PP), presidente do Banco Central do Brasil no governo João Figueiredo, bem como o deputado federal Jair Bolsonaro, que esteve no partido desde a criação do PPR, e é apoiado pelas classes militar e conservadora, e pela bancada cristã, atualmente presente no Partido Social Cristão (PSC) juntamente de seus três filhos, também membros do legislativo. O atual presidente do partido é o senador Ciro Nogueira, do Piauí.[7]

Foi aliado do governo Lula,[8] do governo Dilma[9] e do governo de Michel Temer.[10] Apesar das investigações pela Polícia Federal sobre corrupção, cresceu em número de prefeituras conquistadas nas eleições municipais em 2016, em comparação a 2012, 494 contra 474, somente com os resultados do primeiro turno.



Partido da Social Democracia Brasileira (PSDB) é um partido político do Brasil. Foi fundado em 25 de junho de 1988 pelo ex-governador Mario Covas (à época, senador). Seu símbolo é um tucano nas cores azul e amarela: por esta razão, seus membros são, eventualmente, chamados de "tucanos", e raramente de "peessedebistas".[21][22] O seu código eleitoral é o 45.[23]

Em 2010, o partido teve cinco indicados pela Revista Época entre os cem brasileiros mais influentes do ano: Fernando Henrique Cardoso (ex-presidente da república), José Serra (ex-governador de São Paulo), Aécio Neves (ex-governador e senador eleito por Minas Gerais), Geraldo Alckmin (governador eleito de São Paulo) e Antonio Anastasia (governador de Minas Gerais).[24]

Foram presidentes nacionais do partido Franco Montoro, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Mário Covas, José Richa e Pimenta da Veiga (que se revezaram em uma comissão provisória, no primeiro ano depois da fundação). Passaram, também, pela presidência, Tasso Jereissati e José Serra, entre outros.[25] O posto é atualmente ocupado por Geraldo Alckmin, eleito em 2017.





Democratas (DEM) é um partido político brasileiro de centro-direita[10][11][12][13] cuja ideologia política é o Liberalismo.[14][nota 1] É membro da Internacional Democrata Centrista (junto com diversos outros partidos de centro-direita como a CDU na Alemanha e Os Republicanos na França) e também da União Internacional Democrata (que reúne partidos de direita como os Republicanos dos Estados Unidos). O DEM tem como pré candidato a presidência do Brasil o presidente da Câmara dos Deputados do Brasil Rodrigo Maia

A nomenclatura Democratas data de 28 de março de 2007, e seu código eleitoral é o 25,[15] seus membros são chamados de demistas[16] e suas cores oficiais são o azul, o verde e o branco. O Democratas são a primeira agremiação brasileira desde o fim do bipartidarismo em 1979 sem "Partido" no nome,[17] e também cuja sigla não é um acrônimo.

O partido compôs a oposição ao governo Lula e ao governo Dilma (2011–2016) e faz parte da base aliada do governo Temer.[carece de fontes] Possui a oitava maior bancada na Câmara Federal, e a sexta no Senado Federal, além de governar 267 prefeituras.[18] Possui raízes na política nordestina de onde provém a maior parte de sua bancada.[19] Houve uma redução dessa presença na região, porém, com a migração do clã Sarney para o PMDB e a morte de Antônio Carlos Magalhães em 2007. Ainda assim, metade dos senadores do partido é oriunda do Nordeste, dentre os quais o ex-vice-presidente da República Marco Maciel; na Câmara dos Deputados um terço da bancada representa os estados nordestinos (só a Bahia contribui com nove representantes).[quando?] Na Região Sudeste o partido elegeu dezenove representantes, sendo sete deputados e um senador por Minas Gerais e cinco deputados federais pelo estado do Rio de Janeiro.[quando?] No estado de São Paulo, o maior colégio eleitoral do país, o partido detém quatro deputados federais,[quando?] 11 deputados estaduais e 45 prefeituras.[quando?] Já no Rio de Janeiro, sob César Maia, que não pode aspirar a uma nova reeleição por estar em segundo mandato consecutivo, lançou a deputada federal Solange Amaral como candidata do partido, mas não logrou êxito.[quando?] Eduardo Paes, do PMDB foi o eleito. Rodrigo Maia, filho de César Maia, primo de José Agripino Maia, foi o primeiro presidente do DEM, eleito em 28 de março de 2007.[carece de fontes] Assim como Rodrigo Maia, Antônio Carlos Magalhães Neto dá continuidade à linhagem política paterna.[carece de fontes]

Nas eleições de 2006 e 2008, houve redução da bancada do partido na Câmara dos Deputados e do número de prefeituras administradas pelo partido.[carece de fontes] O DEM governou de março de 2006 a 2011 a maior cidade do país, São Paulo, com Gilberto Kassab até a criação do PSD.[carece de fontes] Em 2012, o partido elegeu João Alves Filho prefeito em Aracaju e Antônio Carlos Magalhães Neto em Salvador, suas duas únicas capitais.[carece de fontes] Isso não impediu que o partido elegesse 278 prefeitos, número inferior ao registrado em 2008, em que pese o declínio da oposição, incluindo PSDB e PPS e a formação do terceiro PSD. Curiosamente, o PSD de Kassab, prefeito paulistano, que elegeu 497 prefeitos em 2012, venceu em 33 cidades em São Paulo. Atrás do DEM, que elegeu 45 prefeitos neste Estado.[carece de fontes]




Partido Trabalhista Brasileiro (PTB) é um partido político brasileiro fundado pelo ex-presidente do Brasil Getúlio Vargas, tendo existido durante dois períodos: no período democrático de 1945 a 1965 e sendo recriado após a Abertura do Regime Militar. Seu código eleitoral é o 14.[7]
PTB de Vargas
O PTB foi fundado no Rio de Janeiro (então Distrito Federal), em 15 de maio de 1945 sob a inspiração de Getúlio Vargas, seu maior líder e no bojo do Queremismo, movimento popular cuja consigna era Queremos Getúlio e que propunha uma Assembleia Constituinte com Getúlio na Presidência da República. Além de Getúlio, a fundação do PTB foi articulada pelo seu Ministro do Trabalho, Alexandre Marcondes Filho.

Sua base eleitoral era o operariado urbano, com forte ligação com os sindicatos. Ideologicamente, as raízes do PTB são o castilhismo gaúcho, o positivismo, traços de social-democracia e o pensamento de Alberto Pasqualini, o maior ideólogo do PTB. Entre 1945 e 1964 foi o PTB o partido que mais cresceu, tanto em número de votos, quanto em número de filiados: em 1946 o PTB tinha 22 deputados federais; elevando-se a bancada para 66, em 1958, e em 1962 já tinha 116. Isto refletiu a crescente urbanização e industrialização que o Brasil experimentou naqueles anos. O PTB era, entre os grandes partidos de então, o mais à esquerda, e era constantemente acusado pelos opositores de ter políticas comunistas.

O programa partidário do PTB pregava algumas reformas, como a urbana, a agrária e a educativa, e tinha ênfase no crescimento econômico, desenvolvimento industrial, nacionalização de recursos e na educação. Estava incluído no contexto populista que dominou a prática política a partir do Estado Novo em diante.

Foi criado, entre outros motivos, para servir de anteparo, na classe popular e trabalhadora, à influência do Partido Comunista, e demais organizações de esquerda.

O PTB era extremamente forte eleitoralmente quando coligado ao PSD, também criado por simpatizantes de Getúlio, mas sustentado principalmente pelas classes médias e o empresariado, tendo uma política conservadora em comparação ao PTB. Esta coligação tinha como principal adversário a UDN, partido de direita conservador. O PTB apoiou o PSD nas eleições de 1945, quando foi eleito Eurico Gaspar Dutra. Em 1950, o PTB teve candidato próprio: Getúlio Vargas, enquanto o PSD lançou Cristiano Machado. Vargas voltou ao poder nos braços do povo e só deixaria o Palácio do Catete morto, após forte oposição da UDN e de Carlos Lacerda em especial, para demovê-lo do poder.

Nas eleições de 1955, a coligação volta à presidência com o pessedista Juscelino Kubitschek e o trabalhista João Goulart. Jango, eleito vice-presidente, fez mais votos que JK. Jango seria reeleito vice-presidente em 1960, sendo Jânio Quadros eleito presidente. Jânio, apoiado pela UDN, infligiu a única derrota do PSD/PTB em eleições presidenciais no primeiro período democrático brasileiro. O candidato do PSD era o Marechal Henrique Teixeira Lott.

Ao final dos anos 60, o PTB tinha uma ala mais conservadora e centrista, com Lucio Meira, Fernando Ferrari, Pasqualini, Ivette Vargas, Gilberto Mestrinho e outra mais próxima à esquerda, cujos maiores expoentes foram Leonel Brizola, Santiago Dantas, Sergio Magalhães, Almino Afonso, José Gomes Talarico e Rubens Paiva, e se nuclearam na ala "concentrada", e na Frente Nacionalista, que propunha aceleração das reformas sociais.

Em 25 de agosto de 1961 Jânio Quadros renuncia ao cargo, e as forças militares brasileiras tentam impedir a posse de Jango, tendo início a Campanha da Legalidade, comandada por Leonel Brizola, governador do Rio Grande do Sul pelo PTB. Jango acaba empossado num sistema parlamentarista, que é repudiado pela população dois anos depois. Jango seria deposto pelo Golpe militar de 1964. Durante a Ditadura, implantada para combater supostos movimentos comunistas, se perseguiu e cassou principalmente políticos trabalhistas, como foi o caso de Jango, Brizola, Rubens Paiva, e Sereno Chaise, entre outros, além de lideranças comunitárias, sindicais e estudantis ligadas ao partido.

Em 1965, através do AI-2, o PTB foi extinto, assim como todos os partidos políticos até então existentes. A quase totalidade dos petebistas que não haviam sido cassados ou fugido do país migrou então para o recém criado MDB. O bipartidarismo durou até 1979, quando o então presidente João Figueiredo, restaurou o pluripartidarismo no processo de Abertura política.

PTB atual
Após a anistia, diversos trabalhistas históricos voltaram do exílio, de onde vinham organizando a reestruturação do partido, principalmente sobre a liderança de Leonel Brizola. Houve então uma acirrada disputa pelo nome, pela sigla e pela legenda do PTB, entre o grupo de Brizola e o grupo liderado pela ex-deputada Ivete Vargas, sobrinha de Getúlio Vargas, e antiga presidente do PTB paulista. Tendo o Tribunal Superior Eleitoral dado ganho de causa ao grupo de Ivete, o grupo de Brizola funda então o Partido Democrático Trabalhista, PDT. O registro provisório do PTB junto ao TSE ocorreu em 1980. Na época, acusou-se Golbery de Couto e Silva de tramar a cessão da sigla para Ivete, a fim de enfraquecer o grupo de Brizola. Em 1980, o PTB tinha apenas um deputado federal, Jorge Cury, do RJ, e nas eleições de 1982, o PTB elegeu 13 deputados federais: 5 no RJ e 8 em SP, levados por mais de 260 mil votos de Ivette, além de ter lançado o nome do ex-presidente Jânio Quadros para a disputa do governo paulista. Ivete faleceu em 3 de janeiro de 1984.

Em 1985, o PTB conquista a prefeitura da maior cidade do país, São Paulo, graças à força personalística de Jânio Quadros que, no entanto, tinha pouco compromisso com o programa do partido. Jânio demonstrou esse desinteresse ao, tão logo tomar posse em 1 de janeiro de 1986, se desfiliar do PTB, meses após. Em 1986, o partido lança o empresário Antônio Ermírio de Moraes para o Governo de São Paulo, ficando na segunda colocação perdendo para Orestes Quércia mas ficando frente de Paulo Maluf.

Ao falecer, em 1983, Ivette Vargas foi sucedida pelo então deputado federal Ricardo Ribeiro, de Ribeirão Preto. Na Constituinte, o partido foi liderado pelo deputado federal Gastone Righi, janista de SP. De 1986 a 1991, o partido foi presidido pelo ex-deputado Luiz Gonzaga de Paiva Muniz, do RJ, e após, pelo Senador paranaense José Carlos Martinez, finalmente sucedido pelo deputado federal Roberto Jefferson, apos seu falecimento.

Atualmente, seu número eleitoral é 14 e seu registro definitivo data de 3 de novembro de 1981.

Apesar do atual PTB declarar-se em seu programa como nacionalista, defensor da autonomia sindical e dos direitos trabalhistas consagrados na CLT, sua praxe política tem sido de colaboração com o governo em exercício e de defesa de políticas neoliberais. Apoiou o governo Figueiredo no Congresso a partir de 1983, obtendo, em troca, cargos de direção em órgãos públicos. Viria a apoiar também todos os governos seguintes: os de José Sarney, Fernando Collor de Mello, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva e Dilma Rousseff.

O PTB atual abrigou em suas fileiras políticos que se opunham eleitoralmente ao PTB clássico, como Jânio Quadros (embora tenha sido eleito deputado federal pelo PTB do Paraná em 1958), que se elegeu prefeito de São Paulo pelo partido em 1985, e foi também o candidato a Governador da legenda em 1982. Mais recentemente, aceitou a filiação de o também ex-presidente Fernando Collor, que em 2006 se elegeu senador por Alagoas pelo PRTB. A legenda possui força eleitoral significativa no Rio Grande do Sul e em São Paulo. Mas é no Nordeste, principalmente em Pernambuco, onde o partido se destaca, pois, dos atuais 7 senadores, 3 são desta região. Dos 23 deputados federais, 12 são nordestinos (Pernambuco possui 4), ao passo que o Rio Grande do Sul e São Paulo têm 3 deputados cada. Apesar de se declarar como independente, apoia o Governo Lula, apoiou candidatos do PT aos governos estaduais, incluindo alguns vitoriosos, como no Piauí e na Bahia.

Em 1989, o atual PTB postulou o nome do paranaense Affonso Camargo à Presidência da República, que obteve votação inexpressiva (0,5%). Sua votação para a Câmara federal em 2002 e 2006 tem oscilado entre 4 a 5% dos votos. Em 2002 incorporou o PSD (Partido Social Democrático), e em 2007 incorporou o PAN (Partido dos Aposentados da Nação).

Sua presidente nacional foi, a partir do fim de 2014, a ex vereadora carioca e nova deputada federal Cristiane Brasil, filha do ex deputado Roberto Jefferson, sucedendo ao ex-deputado federal Benito Gama, derrotado no pleito de 2014, que tinha sucedido a Jefferson, após sua prisão em 2012. Sua bancada federal, de 21 deputados, em 2010, saltou para 25 deputados e 3 senadores, no pleito de 2014, mantendo 4% dos votos para a Câmara dos Deputados. Em 2015, o PTB anuncia que iria ser independente do governo durante ao plenário da câmara federal.

O atual presidente nacional do Partido, desde abril de 2016, é o ex-deputado federal Roberto Jefferson, que reconquistou seus direitos políticos




O Partido Verde (PV) é um partido político brasileiro. Surgiu no cenário político da década de 1980 baseado nas tendências ambientalistas , tendo entre seus articuladores artistas, intelectuais, ativistas ,ecologistas.

O partido foi fundado em janeiro de 1986 no Rio de Janeiro. Um grupo composto por escritores, jornalistas, ecologistas, artistas e também por ex-exilados políticos , começou a dar forma ao PV. Participaram neste grupo: Fernando Gabeira, Lucélia Santos, Alfredo Sirkis, John Neschling, Lúcia Veríssimo, Luiz Alberto Py, Carlos Minc, Herbert Daniel e Guido Gelli.[11]

Os principais aspectos programáticos são o desenvolvimento sustentável e a diminuição da desigualdade social . Defende o pacifismo, o federalismo, o parlamentarismo, a democracia direta, uma reforma agrária ecológica, imposto negativo, democratização da mídia e o poder local.[3] Busca o centralismo político. Seu código eleitoral é o número 43,[12] sua cor é o verde e seu símbolo é um V.


Rede Sustentabilidade (REDE) é um partido político brasileiro,[6][7] liderado pela política Marina Silva.[8] Teve seu registro definitivo concedido em 22 de setembro de 2015. Em sua primeira tentativa de registro como partido político, o então movimento teve negado registro e assim o direito a concorrer às eleições de 2014 pelo Tribunal Superior Eleitoral (TSE), que julgou, em outubro de 2013, que a Rede não conseguiu provar a autenticidade das 496 mil assinaturas necessárias para sua oficialização.[9] No entanto, o grupo conquistou força política nas projeções do cenário político eleitoral de 2014, o que resultou em uma aliança estratégica com o Partido Socialista Brasileiro (PSB).[10]


O Movimento Democrático Brasileiro (MDB), anteriormente Partido do Movimento Democrático Brasileiro (PMDB), é um partido político brasileiro.[4] Foi apontado com o de maior número de filiados, sendo 2 355 472 filiados em maio de 2012,[9] apesar de nunca ter elegido nenhum presidente da república através do voto direto.[10]

Fundado em 1980, possui uma orientação política centrista.[4] É sucessor do Movimento Democrático Brasileiro[3], legenda de oposição à Regime Militar de 1964.[11][12] Seu código eleitoral é o 15.[13] É o partido também com maior número de prefeitos e vereadores, além de ter a maior representação no Congresso Nacional. Atualmente é presidido por Romero Jucá que assumiu em 5 de abril de 2016 após Michel Temer se licenciar.[14] Em convenção nacional em 2017, foi renomeado para Movimento Democrático Brasileiro (MDB),[15][16] designação ainda dependente de aprovação pelo Tribunal Superior Eleitoral (TSE).[17][18]

É um dos grandes "partidos pega-tudo" brasileiros, incluindo desde políticos conservadores como José Sarney e Eduardo Cunha, a liberais convictos como Pedro Simon, além de nomes da esquerda progressista como Roberto Requião, populistas como Iris Rezende, nacionalistas/municipalistas como Orestes Quércia, líderes empresariais como Paulo Skaf e articuladores como Michel Temer. Já teve membros do antigo movimento de guerrilha MR-8 que se desligaram e fundaram o Partido Pátria Livre,[19] nomes da esquerda comunista como Roberto Freire (que foi líder do PCB, e atualmente é presidente do PPS), caciques políticos como Fernando Collor (mais tarde integrante do PRN, pelo qual foi Presidente da República) e Cesar Maia (cujo grupo atualmente é filiado ao Democratas).

Atualmente tem um presidente da república, Michel Temer, que assumiu interinamente dia 12 de maio de 2016 e em definitivo no dia 31 de agosto de 2016 com a votação do afastamento da então presidente Dilma Rousseff.[10]


O Partido dos Trabalhadores (PT) é um partido político brasileiro. Fundado em 1980, integra um dos maiores e mais importantes movimentos de esquerda da América Latina. No início de 2015, o partido contava com 1,59 milhão de filiados, sendo o segundo maior partido político do Brasil, depois do PMDB. Na legislatura atual (2015-2019), o PT tem a segunda maior bancada na Câmara dos Deputados e a terceira maior do Senado Federal.

Os símbolos do PT são a bandeira vermelha com uma estrela branca ao centro (exceto no Rio Grande do Sul, onde a estrela na bandeira é amarela[22]), a estrela vermelha de cinco pontas, com a sigla PT inscrita ao centro, e o hino do partido. Seus filiados e simpatizantes são denominados "petistas".

O PT possui, como os demais partidos políticos no Brasil, uma fundação de apoio. Denominada Fundação Perseu Abramo (FPA), foi instituída pelo Diretório Nacional em 1996 e tem por missão realizar debates, editar publicações, promover cursos de formação política e preservar o patrimônio histórico do partido — tarefa pela qual é responsável o Centro Sérgio Buarque de Holanda. A FPA substituiu uma fundação de apoio partidário anteriormente existente no PT, a Fundação Wilson Pinheiro, criada em 1981.

Em 2003, com a posse de Luis Inácio Lula da Silva como Presidente da República, o partido passou a comandar pela primeira vez o Executivo brasileiro. Lula reelegeu-se em 2006 e foi sucedido em 2011 por Dilma Rousseff, sua ministra-chefe da Casa Civil. Dilma foi reeleita em 2014 e deixou a presidência em agosto de 2016, após sua destituição ser aprovada pelo Congresso Nacional.


O Partido Democrático Trabalhista (PDT) é um partido político brasileiro. Foi fundado em 1979, logo após o início do processo de abertura política do regime militar, e é alinhado às ideologias trabalhista e social-democrata. Seu número eleitoral é o 12.[6] É o único partido brasileiro a integrar a Internacional Socialista.[7]

Com a anistia política e o fim do bipartidarismo no final dos anos 1970, Leonel Brizola, ainda no exílio, resolve reunir políticos e intelectuais progressistas para a refundação do trabalhismo na vida partidária nacional. É nesse sentido que um congresso é realizado na cidade de Lisboa, em Portugal, culminando ao final com a redação de um documento que ficou conhecido como Carta de Lisboa, e que é considerada como sendo o documento da fundação do PDT.

Nesse momento, o trabalhismo que viria a ser adotado pelo PDT sofre uma certa mutação. Tendo maior contato com os ideais socialistas e social-democratas do Estado do bem-estar social dos países europeus durante a segunda metade do século XX, políticos que viriam a formar a liderança do PDT resolvem patrocinar uma evolução no conceito trabalhista, considerando-o como sendo uma forma democrática de se chegar ao socialismo, o que não existia no trabalhismo defendido nas décadas anteriores.




Partido Popular Socialista (PPS) é um partido político brasileiro que surgiu da decisão de parte da executiva nacional do Partido Comunista - Seção Brasileira da Internacional Comunista (PCB) de dissolver o partido e fundar um novo. O PPS foi criado frente a uma nova ordem internacional, após a queda dos antigos modelos comunistas (fim da URSS e da Guerra Fria). Seu código eleitoral é o 23,[9] o mesmo utilizado anteriormente pelo PCB. Sua fundação ocorreu em 1992 e obteve registro permanente em 19 de março de 1992. Seus principais aspectos programáticos são a "radicalidade democrática", uma nova definição do socialismo, pautado no humanismo e no internacionalismo, o que o classifica para alguns como partido defensor da social-democracia.

Em 17 de abril de 2013 a executiva nacional do partido anunciou a fusão com Partido da Mobilização Nacional (PMN) para formar a Mobilização Democrática (MD), entretanto em 29 de junho de 2013 a executiva nacional do PMN rejeitou a proposta, anulando o processo de fusão.[10] Em 2014, o PPS esteve envolvido noutro processo de fusão (ou incorporação), dessa vez com o Partido Socialista Brasileiro (PSB), com possibilidades de participação do Partido Humanista da Solidariedade (PHS) e do Partido Ecológico Nacional (PEN), cujas negociações foram suspensas em 2015 com expectativa de retomada após as eleições municipais de 2016.[11][12][13]





O Partido Comunista do Brasil (PCdoB) é um partido político brasileiro de esquerda, baseado ideologicamente nos princípios do marxismo, com expressão nacional e forte penetração nos meios sindicais e estudantis. Sua sede é em Brasília.

Foi criado em 1958[7] como uma dissidência alinhada ao stalinismo dentro do Partido Comunista Brasileiro (PCB), que, àquela época, apoiava as reformas defendidas por Nikita Khrushchov durante o XX Congresso do Partido Comunista da União Soviética em 1956 e que, mais tarde, ficaram conhecidas como desestalinização. A dissidência era liderada por Mauricio Grabois, João Amazonas e Pedro Pomar e resolveu se separar do partido após o documento Carta dos Cem (assinada por cem militantes, em quatro Estados do País) ter sido rejeitado no V Congresso do PCB.[8] Logo após, em 1962, é fundado por essa dissidência o Partido Comunista do Brasil (PCdoB).[3]

Desde o seu surgimento, o PCdoB seguiu diversas linhas políticas baseadas em distintas experiências comunistas pelo mundo. Surgiu sendo contrário à linha adotada por Nikita Khrushchov na antiga União Soviética e reivindicando o legado de Josef Stalin.[9] Nos anos 1960, adotou a linha maoista (alinhando-se com o Partido Comunista Chinês) e passa a praticar a tática de guerrilhas (o PCdoB é famoso pela atuação na Guerrilha do Araguaia). Em 1978, passou a reivindicar o comunismo da Albânia (Hoxhaísmo).[10]

Nacionalmente, o PCdoB fez parte da base de sustentação do governo Dilma Rousseff (e anteriormente fez parte do governo Lula).

Edita o jornal A Classe Operária[11] e a revista Princípios e, internacionalmente, é membro do Foro de São Paulo.[12] No movimento estudantil, organiza-se na União da Juventude Socialista (UJS)[13] e, no movimento sindical, organiza-se pela Central dos Trabalhadores e Trabalhadoras do Brasil (CTB).[14] O partido conta com mais de 350 mil filiados.[6]



Partido Comunista Brasileiro (PCB)[4] é um partido político brasileiro que se define como um partido de militantes e quadros revolucionários que se formam na luta de classes, na organização do proletariado[5] e no estudo teórico das obras de Karl Marx e Friedrich Engels.[6] Sua base teórica para a ação prática é o marxismo-leninismo, que se pauta nos princípios desenvolvidos por Vladimir Lênin.[7]

O partido, tal como o PC do B, reivindica ser o antigo Partido Comunista - Seção Brasileira da Internacional Comunista.[8]

Seu símbolo, segundo seus estatutos, "é uma foice e um martelo, cruzados, simbolizando a aliança operário-camponesa, sob os quais está escrita a legenda "Partido Comunista Brasileiro". Seu número de código eleitoral é o 21.[9]

Atualmente, o PCB está organizado em 20 estados brasileiros, com uma representação parlamentar reduzida, decorrente de sua baixa representatividade social e sindical.





O Partido Socialismo e Liberdade (PSOL) é um partido político brasileiro fundado em julho de 2004.[9] Obteve registro definitivo na Justiça Eleitoral no dia 15 de setembro de 2005. Seu número eleitoral é o 50,[10] suas cores são o vermelho, o amarelo e o laranja, e tem, como logotipo principal, um sol sorridente desenhado por Ziraldo. O espectro político do PSOL é definido como de esquerda à extrema-esquerda e defensores do Socialismo.

Sua criação foi impulsionada por dissidências do Partido dos Trabalhadores.[11][12] (PT) que alegavam discordar das políticas do partido,[13] Luciana Genro, Heloísa Helena, Babá e João Fontes discordaram de políticas do governo Lula e, por isso, foram expulsos do PT numa reunião do diretório nacional.[14] O PSOL é tido como um partido de esquerda ampla, pois, não funcionando por centralismo democrático, agrega diversas correntes internas desde reformistas até revolucionárias.

Dentro do PSOL, há uma polarização que aumentou ao longo dos anos, fazendo as diversas correntes se organizarem em dois blocos opostos: a Unidade Socialista (US), agrupamento que dirige nacionalmente o partido e que aplica políticas mais moderadas (embora polêmicas, se comparadas ao PT), e o Bloco de Esquerda (BE), agrupamento mais radical e ainda mais à esquerda, que dirige o partido em alguns estados e que, baseando-se no programa e no estatuto do mesmo, critica fortemente a direção nacional e suas práticas. Por isso, dependendo da região do país, o espectro político do PSOL se altera, o que se manifesta no discurso, nas práticas e nas alianças. No movimento sindical, as correntes internas do PSOL atualmente se organizam na CSP-Conlutas, na Instrumento de Luta e Organização da Classe Trabalhadora ou independentes de centrais. No movimento estudantil, organizam-se também em vários coletivos políticos, como o Vamos à Luta! (CST), Juntos! (MES), Manifesta (APS-CC), Pajeú (APS-NE), Enfrente (1º de Maio), Coletivo Construção (LSR), RUA - Juventude Anticapitalista (Insurgência), entre outros. Quase todos compondo a Oposição de Esquerda dentro da União Nacional dos Estudantes (UNE), entidade que há anos é dirigida pela União da Juventude Socialista (UJS), movimento juvenil do Partido Comunista do Brasil (PCdoB), e por aliados desta.

As pautas incluem a legalização do aborto e da maconha, junto a uma política de conscientização e educação sobre seu consumo.[carece de fontes] Em 2014, se apresentou pela terceira vez nas eleições presidenciais. Após as candidaturas presidenciais de Heloísa Helena (2006) e de Plínio de Arruda Sampaio (2010), Luciana Genro tornou-se candidata.[15] Desde a eleição de 2014, o PSOL foi o terceiro partido que mais cresceu em número de filiados.[16] Através das diversas eleições, dos parlamentares do partido e dos movimentos onde atua, este faz oposição aos governos e à maior parte das políticas que se manifestam no Congresso Nacional do Brasil e nos parlamentos estaduais e municipais.[17]






Partido Socialista dos Trabalhadores Unificado (PSTU) é um partido político do Brasil fundado em 1993.

Suas cores são o vermelho e amarelo e o seu código eleitoral é o 16.[3] O PSTU é uma organização socialista, que reivindica o marxismo revolucionário, baseando-se nas teorias e práticas de Leon Trótski e de Nahuel Moreno. O PSTU também é a seção no Brasil da Liga Internacional dos Trabalhadores - Quarta Internacional (LIT-QI), sendo a maior seção dessa organização, que em outros países se articula como partido legalizado ou não, ou como corrente interna de partidos anticapitalistas amplos. Assim como o Partido Comunista Brasileiro (PCB), o Partido Socialismo e Liberdade (PSOL) e o Partido da Causa Operária (PCO), o PSTU faz oposição de esquerda aos governos municipais, estaduais e federal.




Podemos (PODE), anteriormente denominado Partido Trabalhista Nacional (PTN), é um partido político brasileiro.[4]

Tem sido comandado pela família Abreu (José Masci de Abreu, Dorival de Abreu e Renata Abreu) desde a fundação em 1995. Em 2016 mudou de nome para Podemos, mas ideologicamente se difere muito do Podemos espanhol. O partido inclusive afirma que a inspiração para seu nome não foi em nenhum partido de outro país, mas sim no slogan da campanha de Barack Obama à presidência dos Estados Unidos, "sim, nós podemos".[5]

Foi fundado com o mesmo nome de um outro da República Nova, assim, o partido existente não deve ser confundido com o Partido Trabalhista Nacional, criado em 1945 e extinto em 1965 pelo Ato Institucional Número Dois (AI-2).[6]THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOFEDERATION & STATES










States GDP per capita compared to countries worldwide 2011THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOSOCIAL SECURITY & GOVERNMENT SPENDINGTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #08THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #09THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #10THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #11THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #12THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #13THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #14THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #15THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #16THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMO17 - CRIME STATISTICSTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #18THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMORESERVED #19

Main media 

SÃO PAULO STATE (AND THEREFORE NATIONWIDE)

www.uol.com
www.folha.com.br
www.estadao.com.br

RIO DE JANEIRO CITY & STATE

www.oglobo.com


MINAS GERAIS STATE

http://www.otempo.com.br/



RIO GRANDE DO SUL STATE

www.zerohora.com.brTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMO-Galataport is a 1km long portcomplex in karaköy with luxus hotels,cinemas etc.
-a 4 billion dollar porject
-2008HERŞEY TÜRKİYE İÇİN​yes thank you...Turkey Railways Development /High Speed Rail​


  Turkish Airports /Aviation​IF THIS PROJECT IS FINISHED 
MANY RICH TOURIST COME TO ISTANBULHERŞEY TÜRKİYE İÇİN​Looks very nice........its very expensive... no ?4 bil????International titles of Galatasaray SK
UEFA Europa League (1): 2000
UEFA Super Cup (1): 2000

ULEB Eurocup (1): 2016

FIBA EuroLeague Women (1): 2014
FIBA EuroCup Women (2): 2009, 2018

IWBF Champions Cup (5): 2008, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2014
IWBF André Vergauwen Cup (2): 2017, 2018
IWBF Intercontinental Cup (4): 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012

EJU Golden League (1): 2014What's the latest status? 
Have the rennovations started?“My people are going to learn the principles of democracy, the dictates of truth and the teachings of science. Superstition must go. ” - Mustafa Kemal AtatürkGalataport İstanbul tourSand mining 'mafias' destroying environment, livelihoods: UN
Excerpt

BANGKOK, May 7 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Sand mining is eroding the world's river deltas and coastlines, damaging the environment and hurting livelihoods from Cambodia to Colombia, as government regulation fails to keep pace with rising demand, the United Nations warned on Tuesday.

Global demand for sand and gravel, used extensively in construction, is about 50 billion tonnes or an average of 18 kg (40 lb) per person per day, according to a report published by the UN Environment Programme (UNEP).

Extraction in rivers and beaches has increased pollution and flooding, lowered groundwater levels, hurt marine life, and exacerbated the occurrence and severity of landslides and drought, it said.

"We are spending our sand 'budget' faster than we can produce it responsibly," Joyce Msuya, UNEP's acting executive director, said in a statement.

"For one of the most traded commodities on the planet, it is one of the least regulated activities, and there is very low general awareness about extraction impacts."

Growing populations, increasing urbanisation, land reclamation projects, and rapid infrastructure development in countries such as China and India have increased demand for sand three-fold over the last two decades, the UNEP said.

Meanwhile, damming of rivers and excessive extraction have reduced the sediment carried by rivers to coastal areas, leading to reduced deposits in river deltas and faster beach erosion.

"Communities in the Asian deltas are the biggest losers, with the combined effect of sand mining, hydropower dams and groundwater extraction causing large areas of land to sink and shrink," said Marc Goichot at the Worldwide Fund for Nature.

More : https://www.reuters.com/article/us-...ing-environment-livelihoods-u-n-idUSKCN1SD0KGWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatNorth Korea might be making millions -- and breaking sanctions -- selling sand. Yes, sand. 
CNN Excerpt
June 10, 2020

It was May of last year when Lucas Kuo and Lauren Sung noticed something strange: more than 100 ships gathering in the waters near Haeju, North Korea.

As part of their work at the Washington-based Center for Advanced Defense Studies (C4ADS), a nonprofit that analyzes and investigates security issues using big data, the two analysts keep an eye on traffic in North Korean waters and further afield in Northeast Asia.

They do this because Pyongyang has been accused of selling coal and other valuable goods, sometimes in very big quantities, on the high seas to get around the prying eyes of customs officers, who must enforce United Nations sanctions on North Korea. Instead of moving goods into a port before trading, North Koreans supposedly just move them from one ship to another at sea and lie about their origins.

These "ship-to-ship transfers" can rake in tens of millions of dollars for Kim Jong Un's cash-strapped regime, depending on what's sold.

They are meant to be fast and discreet, and usually involve a few ships at most. But Sung and Kuo kept seeing dozens of ships mysteriously sailing to North Korea.

Something was up.

More : North Korea might be making millions selling sand. Yes, sand.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatCambodian conservationists hopeful for revival of rare royal turtle  
Reuters Excerpt
May 20, 2020

PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Conservationists in Cambodia are celebrating the hatching of more critically endangered turtles in recent months than the past three years combined, owing to a preservation drive and a halt on sand-dredging.

Some 23 rare royal turtles have hatched recently in southwestern Koh Kong province, the only place in Cambodia where the turtles can be found, including on a river beach not been used for nesting in 13 years.

The hatching of 23 of the 51 eggs found is boosting hopes of survival for a threatened species that was designated Cambodia’s national reptile and was believed to be extinct two decades ago.

“With ongoing support and cooperation, we are hopeful that the number of turtles will continue to increase in the coming years,” said Ken Sereyrotha, country programme director for the Wildlife Conservation Society.

Illegal fishing, reduction of flooded woodlands and sand-dredging along the Sre Ambel river system has been blamed for loss of habitat for the turtle, also known as the southern river terrapin. A law was introduced in 2017 to stop sand-dredging.

More : Cambodian conservationists hopeful for revival of rare royal turtleWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIllegal Sand Mining a Deadly Beat for India’s Journalists
VoA Excerpt
June 25, 2020

The killing of a reporter in India’s Uttar Pradesh state has exposed the dangers for journalists covering illegal sand mining and construction in the country.

Shubham Mani Tripathi, a correspondent for the Hindi-language daily Kampu Mail, was shot dead June 19 while returning home on his motorcycle.

Days before he died, Tripathi said in a Facebook post that he feared for his life because of his reporting, the media watchdog Reporters Without Borders (RSF) said.

Tripathi covered India’s “sand mafia” – powerful networks that illegally mine sand from riverbeds to sell to the construction sector. He also reported on an illegal construction project that was later demolished as a result of his investigation.

The sand mining industry is laden with corruption, said Daniel Bastard, head of RSF’s Asia-Pacific desk. This puts journalists who cover the topic at an increased danger, he told VOA.

“It creates a lot of corruption – corruption of the police, corruption of the politicians and corruption of businessmen,” Bastard said. “So you have a real network of people who don't want to listen to the state on this.”

Sand mining is one of the biggest extraction industries in the world, providing a key material for the construction industry. Several countries have limited or regulated the business because of damage to the environment – more than 20 Indonesian islands have disappeared since 2005, according to the Pulitzer Center.

More : Illegal Sand Mining a Deadly Beat for India’s JournalistsWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIron sand mining decision too focused on environment, firm tells Supreme Court 
Radio New Zealand Excerpt
Nov 17, 2020

Environmental protection was weighted too heavily when consent to mine iron sand off the Taranaki Coast was declined, Trans-Tasman Resources has told the Supreme Court.

Offshore mining company Trans-Tasman Resources is appealing decisions by the High Court and the Court of Appeal, which both rejected its plan to dig up 50 million tonnes of sand.

The mining is opposed by iwi, environmentalists and fisheries groups, who say that it would destroy a marine ecosystem home to the likes of the māui dolphin.

Lawyer for Trans-Tasman Resources Justin Smith told the Supreme Court that the marine environment was not unique or special and the impacts would be "moderate and even negligible".

He said the legislation governing consents for offshore mining, Exclusive Economic Zone and Continental Shelf (Environmental Effects) Act (EEZ) 2012 did not favour environmental protection and "caution" as the Court of Appeal had interpreted it.

More : Iron sand mining decision too focused on environment, firm tells Supreme CourtWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatSabah to gain from sand mining venture 
New Straits Times Excerpt
Nov 20, 2021

Sabah, especially those in Kota Belud, will benefit from a systematic and sustainable approach of sand mining in the northern district thanks to Qhazanah Sabah Bhd (QSB).

The Sabah government's investment arm has teamed up with a company, Warisan Cekal Bistari Sdn Bhd (WHC), to set up a special purpose vehicle namely WH Cekal Bersepadu Sdn Bhd (WHCB), to become an entity that pioneer in a systematic method managing the river sand mining in Kota Belud.

Chief executive officer of WHCB Mohd Amin Bustamin said apart from devising a systematic approach covering end-to-end operations of river sand extraction and mining, the company would also come up with effective solutions for flood mitigation incidents in areas of extraction.

More : Sabah to gain from sand mining venture | New Straits TimesWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatSave Our Sands: Hundreds gather to oppose sand mining at Pakiri
Northern Advocate Excerpt
July 10, 2022

Hundreds of people came together to protect the "irreplaceable" sand at Pakiri in Mangawhai and strongly oppose the renewal of sand mining resource consent.

The protest comes ahead of resource consent application hearings for McCallum Bros to harvest the resource from nearby waters.

Around 300 people expressed their concern by spelling out S.O.S on the sand in front of the Mangawhai surf club on Sunday morning.

More : Save Our Sands protest: 'When every grain of the sand is gone, it will never be replaced'World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatQatar is a sovereign state located in Western Asia, occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula.




Qatar Gateway









http://trendymen.ru/lifestyle/dayfoto/117697/

2018 Skytrax World Airport Awards
1. Singapore Changi Airport
2. Incheon International Airport (Seoul, South Korea)
3. Tokyo International Airport (Haneda)
4. Hong Kong International Airport
5. Hamad International Airport (Doha, Qatar)
6. Munich Airport (Germany)
7. Chubu Centrair Nagoya (Japan)
8. London Heathrow Airport
9. Zurich Airport (Switzerland)
10. Frankfurt Airport (Germany)

Click to expand...Doha College officially breaks ground at new Al Wajba campus
https://www.dohacollege.com/doha-college-officially-breaks-ground-at-new-al-wajba-campusCross-reference to existing infrastructure threads :

QATAR | Railways
DOH | Doha New Hamad International Airport
DOHA | Public TransportWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatEducation City
Education City is an initiative of Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development. Located in Al Rayyan City on the outskirts of Doha. Six American universities, one British university and one French university have branch campuses at Education City. It also has one Qatari university. They are:


Virginia Commonwealth University in Qatar School of the Arts (VCUQ) (1998)
Weill Cornell Medical College in Qatar (WCMC-Q) (2001) 
Texas A&M University at Qatar (TAMUQ) (2003]
Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar (CMU-Q) (2004) 
Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in Qatar (SFS-Qatar) (2005)
Northwestern University in Qatar (NU-Q) (2008) 
HEC Paris (2011)
University College London UCL Qatar (2011)









https://www.archdaily.com/804889/9-...ed-for-ars-women-in-architecture-awards-image

Tram for Education City, Doha, Qata

Siemens Avenio QEC by Zack W, on FlickrMinistry of Education and
HIGHER EDUCATION HEADQUARTERS









https://www.astad.qa/sites/website/...f-education-and-higher-education-headquartersMicrosoft Azure: Microsoft To Launch New Azure Region in Qatar
Jul 01, 2022 | Posted by Abdul-Rahman Oladimeji
Microsoft has announced that it will launch its Qatar Azure cloud region in two weeks. The general manager of Microsoft Qatar, Lana Khalaf, made this known at the launch of new offices in Doha, Qatar. He said: “In the coming two weeks we will be launching the region globally, but definitely the data center is already here in Qatar.” The government of Qatar permitted the company to develop a cloud region in the country in 2019. At the time of the announcement, Microsoft said the region would be available in 2021, but certain delays caused the launch to be pushed back to 2022.

Kalaf continued by saying: “Our global data center will create 24,000 new jobs in the economy of Qatar. So we want to skill and re-skill 15,000 people every year to be able to take these future jobs. What Microsoft is doing is skilling and re-skilling for employability. And we will continue this until we train 50,000 people over the next five years. This is our mission here for every person in the country, with special tracks in Qataris.”

Microsoft launched Azure regions in Abu Dhabi and Dubai in 2019, with the Dubai region already de-listed. 








Microsoft To Launch New Azure Region in Qatar


Microsoft has announced that it will launch its Qatar Azure cloud region in two weeks. The general manager of Microsoft Qatar, Lana Khalaf, made this known at the launch of new offices in Doha, Qat...




baxtel.comOk, let's see the most beautiful urban tunnel entrances in the world. I'll start with one, although to be honest, I'm sure we will find some more beautiful ones out there... So start posting.

My only hope here is that this thread doesn't turn into a "I'll post my cities tunnels" just because they're from your city. Please, only entrances that are of notable design, historical or modern and urban.

To start with, Budapest: from ScattsI'm doing my bit to save bandwidth by deleting my signatureMont Blanc










edit: sorry, i haven't noticed that it should be topic about urban tunnelsSvaki dan sanjam autobahn...​*my clinched motorways*​I reckon the ICE tunnel between Ingolstadt and Munich is pretty cool looking. Can be seen on this video.The Life of Svartmetall - a photo thread
YouTube ChannelWhoa, I love the first one.

Didn't know tunnels could be pieces of art...All things luxury travel. Be inspired for your next trip: TheSuiteLife by CHINMOYLAD - "Travel is the only thing you buy that makes you richer"'Galashan' 嘎拉山 tunnel in Tibet looks kind of unusual. It links Lhasa city to its airport (I hope this still qualifies for being urban):Thanks, that first one in Tibet looks amazing. A bit "tacky" for my tastes, but I'm sure others may not think so, and it certainly is not a boring hole in the mountain thing.

I guess I should give up on the urban theme. The first two posts ignored it and posted countryside tunnels.I'm doing my bit to save bandwidth by deleting my signatureAll tunnels are boring.This signature is socialist and un-American.the galashan is amazing!CharlieP said:



All tunnels are boring. 

Click to expand...

Thanks for your valuable input to this thread."I drink to make other people interesting"

George Jean Nathanwow, the tunnel entrance in Tibet is amazing :nuts:L'AUPQ http://aupq.xooit.fr 
Forum d'échange sur l'architecture, l'urbanisme et la photographie de Québec.
Ouvert depuis le 24 Juin!Maybe not an entrance, but still beautiful:I
|*|SWEDEN:The Northern Attraction|*|Open Skies, Open Minds|*|Sweden and the Swedes|*|Interesting, thanks for the post sapmi. What do the actual entrances look like?I'm doing my bit to save bandwidth by deleting my signatureI got a new one, and this is quite interesting. The old Elbe tunnel in Hamburg.

This is an actual and working road tunnel under the Elbe river. 426m long and opened in 1911.

What makes this tunnel so special is that cars must travel down a lift at either end to reach the tunnel, then drive to the other side and the opposite lift.

What makes it fit well in this thread is that it has one of the most interesting and beautiful tunnel entrances around - though somewhat unusual and possibly unique. I know there are a few pedestrian tunnels like this under rivers in Europe, mainly in the UK and of cause in Antwerp, but this is the only working road tunnel I know of like this (pedestrians can use it also)

The north entrance:


















The lifts


















The tunnelI'm doing my bit to save bandwidth by deleting my signatureJustme said:



Interesting, thanks for the post sapmi. What do the actual entrances look like?

Click to expand...

The entrances are nothing special at all. hno:

http://www.vv.se/filer/5650/5913-2686.jpg
http://www.vv.se/filer/5650/5913-2677.jpg
http://www.vv.se/filer/5650/sickla[1].JPG
http://www.vv.se/filer/5650/5917-5064.jpgI
|*|SWEDEN:The Northern Attraction|*|Open Skies, Open Minds|*|Sweden and the Swedes|*|This tunnel entrance isn't "beautiful".......unless you turn around:^^ Yosemite valley? Probably I went throught it 14 years ago.

I have also a special entrance, not urban.Is that you, John Wayne? Is this me?

See you in the Swiss Forum on skyscrapercity.comearthJoker said:



^^ Yosemite valley? Probably I went throught it 14 years ago.

Click to expand...

yep.
it really is beautiful.That tunnel in hamburg is fucking awesome.Calling occupants of interplanetary craft...city_thing said:



That tunnel in hamburg is fucking awesome.

Click to expand...

It is, and from memory it's free to walk through and well worth it. London has two similar tunnels where you take large elevators down but only for pedestrians and cyclists. I think there is also another one in the north of the country, and one in Antwerp, Belgium. Other than that, I can't think of any others in the world still open with the lifts. But Hamburg is the only which still allows car traffic.

I made a thread about this years ago, and can be found here with details of the others around the world:
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=260018I'm doing my bit to save bandwidth by deleting my signatureUmberto I tunnel in RomeURBANFILEThe Des Moines Skywalk is one the best in America with over 3miles of building-to-building walkways.
Please talk about if your city has skywalks.Watch Me Play...www.youtube.com/latinpianist
Visit my Band Site...www.fuentedivina.com
Me and Friend Jamming!........www.passion4music.orgWe have proposal in London to build skywalks on Oxford street, the main shopping street. Its an alterative to a proposed tram route. I quite like the idea but looking at the pictures I worry that the level of light at street level will be drastically reduced.Makes a place look futuristicI've heard of the Des Moines Skyway. Didn't know that it is fully roofed tough.It's kind of cool. It's comprehensible there are many of them in Des Moines because of the harsh winters.
In places with milder climates, they aren't really that needed... although they look cool! 
There are some of those between diferente department buildings in my university... although the climate is mild... but it's fun to walk on them. Especialy when it's raning and you don't need to cross the street down thereLong live rail freight!!We have the opposite in Toronto. The PATH system links most of the downtown core with underground walkways.

http://www.toronto.ca/path/Hartford has a few of those...I'm not much of a fan of them. 

They seem to take people out of the street level...SkyscraperCity SOOMAALIYAVancouver might have two of those things that i can think of - one from the bay to the bay parkade and one at pacific centre actually two there - one that crosses an alleyway but it is completely frosted glass so people don't have to see the dirty alleyway

there are a bunch in Calgary - there was even a movie set in them - about who could stay indoors the longest it's called WAYDOWNTOWN

worth a rentalbelow it allYeah, here's a map of the Des Moines skywalk. 3.5 miles long and contains over 150 retail stores as it connects 30 square blocks of downtown.It was twelve noon...of course I was drunkHow much has Des Moines expand their skyway system since the 2007 map? Did those future segments get built. Are there another section that have come into usage with any of the newer buildings?I know that MPLS is adding about 6 blocks to our skyway system to connect the east side of our DT core to the new Vikings stadium. Does you skyway system connect yet to your convention center/Wells Fargo Arena?.Charlotte has perhaps the most substantial skywalk system in the Southeast. Urban nerds down here sniff at it, postulating that it drains street activity. But every time I go downtown I see ever increasing street activity.When I visited Des Moines in 2010, the skyway was not thriving at all, shops closing because of competition from out-of-town malls. I hope the situation is better today...Christi69 said:



When I visited Des Moines in 2010, the skyway was not thriving at all, shops closing because of competition from out-of-town malls. I hope the situation is better today...

Click to expand...

You could ask DMryan about the status of the skyways on the Des Moines thread...

http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1725494&page=2Coming Winter 2018 , Traveling the World by Rail , my new photo blog
Visit the Reorganized New York City Section 
My Photography Websitehttps://nexis4jersey.smugmug.com/ 
Visit the New Jersey SectionBoston had a few isolated spots like that, the only surviving one I can think of is in Copley. The problem around here anyways is that it only works when everything is open. And, it gets in the way of taller vehicles below. Plus, long isolated sections of walkway tend to be seen as a bit unsafe. One only needs to smell the walkway between Copley Space and the Prudential center to understand the sanitary factors. I suppose if you have the right culture in your city they would work, however.Cloudship said:



...Plus, long isolated sections of walkway tend to be seen as a bit unsafe. One only needs to smell the walkway between Copley Space and the Prudential center to understand the sanitary factors. I suppose if you have the right culture in your city they would work, however.

Click to expand...


The right culture exists in Hong Kong where skywalks are ubiquitous. Whether they are of the "hermetically sealed", air-conditioned variety connecting the high-end shopping malls of Central, or the open air walkways to the Central Ferry piers - they all provide a separation of pedestrians from vehicle traffic.










hotel-r.net/










anglaagan.files.wordpress.com


Even the Mid-levels escalator can have claim to being a skywalk/mode of transport hybrid.









travellersmantra.com


A little more info on the rise of HK's skywalks can be found here:
http://www.archdaily.com/352543/cities-without-ground-a-hong-kong-guidebook/










archdaily.comIt's cool when it's in Hong Kong. It 'kills street life' when it's in the US.I don't know - the Embarcado center in San Francisco seems to do a good job of it.Kills street life ?Dale said:



Kills street life ?

Click to expand...

Minneapolis, I believe, was the originator of skywalks, as they call this city the 2nd story city. Toronto has underground passageways and so does Houston. Understandable. In the hot summer, you merely go underground to navigate around the downtown area, and in Toronto, being so cold in winter, you go underground.

Not sure how difficult it is to open up a shop/restaurant in a city like Minneapolis, as when it's nice outside, nobody navigates the skywalks, leaving behind empty restaurants.Calgary and Minny battles it out for the world's largest systems at 18 km each but Minny gets the prize because it's continuous while Calgary still has some gaps. 

I know in Calgary they went with their "Plus 15/30" system instead of underground because the water table is so high and with Minny and Des Moibnes both being relatively flat and on major rivers perhaps that's why they did the same. 

I can see the appeal in extreme cold/hot/rainy/snowy cities but they do sap the life off of the streets. That said I would take an elevated Skyway system like DM over the horrid underground systems like in Montreal and Toronto. At least Skyways offer sun light unlike underground cities where you feel like a rat in a cage.Brazil

Brazil derives over 75% of its electricity from hidroelectric energy.



UHE Peixe Angical (TO) 452 MW 


UHE Peixe Angical (TO) por PAC 2, no Flickr


UHE Santo Antônio (RO)	3.665 MW 


UHE Santo Antônio (RO) por PAC 2, no Flickr


Belo Monte 11.233,1 MW 


UHE Belo Monte (PA) por PAC 2, no Flickr

Usina Hidrelétrica de Jirau 3.750MW 











UHE Mauá (PR)


UHE Mauá (PR) por PAC 2, no Flickr



UHE ITAIPU 14.000 MW











UHE Campos Novos












UHE TUCURUI 8.370 MW#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Dams in Latvia

Pļaviņu HES | 1965 | 893,5 MW
2nd most powerful hydro-plant in the European Union | Dam is 3 km long









Rīgas HES | 1974 | 402 MW
Dam is 15 km long








(a different but large picture)

Ķeguma HES | 1939 | 240 MW
Dam is 2 km long









There are no large dams that are not used as hydro-electric power plants^^ Very interesting.

U/C and future Dams projects in Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”UHE ITATIAIA


Usina Hidrelétrica de Funil (Itatiaia-RJ) por Enilton Kirchhof, no Flickr#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”No big HE dams here in SLO. But there are dozens of smaller HE in range from 10 - 100 MW ...Belgium has almost no water power. The dams that where build during the Industrial age where mainly to make sure factories had enough water. No new dams have been build since the 50'ies. Some of them do provide a little bit of power but all of them are build on small rivers.

A few examples

Gileppe Dam, 1870
Build to provide the Cotton Industry of water.










Vesdre dam, 1936
Build to provide drinking water to the city of Liège and water for the steel industry in Liège.



















Warche Dam, 1925
Provides water for cooling a nearby powerplant.









Nisramont dam, 1958
A small hydroelectric dam









Haute Sure dam, 1955
A small Hydroelectric damЧто у тебя в голове? В твоей голове? Зомби! Зомби! Зомби!^^Great pictures.#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”I can just say Wow!!! Superb dams!! Even in India we have many dams , KRS dam , Kabini dam , Mettur dam etc.Buy a Property in Bangalore | Flats in AvadiBakun Dam
Sarawak, Malaysia
Installed capacity	2,400 MW

The Bakun Dam is an embankment dam located in Sarawak, Malaysia on the Balui River, a tributary or source of the Rajang River and some sixty kilometres west of Belaga. As part of the project, it is the second tallest concrete-faced rockfill dam in the world. 









http://muluview.blogspot.com/2012_07_01_archive.html








http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3408/3285216779_6fa0bd54de_b.jpgOne more from Belgium:

Bütenbach, 1932Что у тебя в голове? В твоей голове? Зомби! Зомби! Зомби!^^ 1932 :nuts:

Thanks.

Brazil

UHE Teles Pires U/C


UHE Teles Pires (MT-PA) por PAC 2, no Flickr

UHE Batalha 


UHE Batalha (GO-MG) por PAC 2, no Flickr

UHE Santo Antônio do Jari U/C


UHE Santo Antônio do Jari (AP-PA) - Ago 2013 por PAC 2, no Flickr#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”xrtn2 said:



^^ 1932 :nuts:

Click to expand...

Back in those days Belgium was the industrial center of the world just afther the UK. Innovation and technology was centered in that part of the world. Those days have long gone...
They had to drain the lake a few years ago though because the dam needed some mayor restaurantion. Concrete doesn't last forever.
The front of the dam looks very modern for being build in those times, the back however as you can see is made of solid concrete cone type shapes.Что у тебя в голове? В твоей голове? Зомби! Зомби! Зомби!Argentina

Almost 39% of Argentina's energy comes from hidroelectric centrals. We've got lots of them (and even more are either being built or planned).

Yacyretá-Apipé 3100 MW (shared with Paraguay)

Embalse y Represa Yacyretá (68) by rafgodar, on Flickr

Salto Grande 1890 MW (shared with Uruguay)










Piedra del Águila 1400 MW

Paisaje desde el mirador de la presa Piedra del Águila, Landscape from the viewpoint of Piedra del Águila dam in Neuquén by Gastón S., on Flickr

El Chocón 1200 MWSome from Romania. 

Bicaz 

source

Vridaru








source

Iron Gate I








source

Iron Gate II








source"Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as USEFUL." ~Lucius Annaeus Seneca - If he knew this in 1AD, why haven't you figured it out yet?A very good and informative article indeed . It helps me a lot to enhance my knowledge, I really like the way the writer presented his views. I hope to see more informative and useful articles in future.friv 4 | friv deHydro-Québec is the main electricity provider in Québec Some large companies have their own hydroelectric plants, like RioTinto Alcan for their aluminium smelters in Saguenay, but most of the electricity is produced by Hydro-Québec's power plants.

Nearly 95% of the electricity produced in Québec comes from hydroelectric powerplants.

Robert-Bourassa generating station, 5616 MW
World's largest underground generating station. With the adjacent LG-2A powerplant, the whole complex has a capacity of 7722 MW









LG-4, 2779 MW









LG-3, 2417 MW









Beauharnois, 1853 MW









Barrage Daniel Johnson, 2660 MW (Manic-5 & Manic-5-PA generating stations)
The dam is 214 m tall and 1314 m long, making it the largest multiple-arch-and-buttress dam in the world.Argentina

Alicurá 1050 MW










Río Grande 750 MW










Cerros Colorados 479 MW










Futaleufú 448 MWMettur Dam
Mukkadal Dam
Upper Anaicut
Vaigai Dam

List of Tamilnadu Dams, INDIAHotel Equipments | Hotel Equipment Supplier | Kitchen Equipment Supplier^^ No photos#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”beautifull thanksBELAZ 75710

Belarus, Eastern Europe

​

BelAZ rolls out world’s largest dump truck


25.09.2013

ZHODINO, 25 September (BelTA) – The Belarusian automobile engineering company OAO BelAZ has created the world’s biggest dump truck with the carrying capacity of 450 tonnes. The truck was unveiled for the first time at the test field of Belarusian Autoworks (BelAZ trademark) on 25 September, BelTA has learned.

The company’s Chief Designer for Mining Vehicles Leonid Trukhnov told BelTA that BelAZ is the first manufacturer of mining machines to create such a vehicle. “We are preparing documents to submit the dump truck with the carrying capacity of 450 tonnes to the Guinness World Records,” he said.

The carrying capacity of 360 tonnes was the max figure for BelAZ dump trucks before the new truck was rolled out. At present five companies make such trucks. Liebherr’s 360-tonne truck entered the Guinness World Records book ten years ago. BelAZ created a vehicle with the carrying capacity of 360 tonnes in 2007 and 320 tonnes in 2005.

The mine dump truck BelAZ 75710 can carry 450 tonnes (500 short tons) of cargoes. It uses an electromechanical transmission powered by alternating current. The vehicle is designed to transport mined rock in deep open pits along temporary roads in various climatic conditions with the air temperature varying from minus 50C to plus 50C. The vehicle is powered by two diesel engines. The hydraulic system is one and the same for the dumping mechanism, the steering system, and the braking system. The vehicle’s aggregate weight is 810 tonnes. The cabin can seat two people and boasts ROPS safety solutions in line with the standard ISO 3471. The driver’s seat is adjustable. The cabin meets noise, vibration requirements and requirements concerning the content of harmful substances and dust in the air. The vehicle uses Michelin’s radial tubeless pneumatic tires on eight wheels. The vehicle control system has been borrowed from the 360-tonne predecessor. The vehicle’s top speed is 64kmph.

http://news.belta.by/en/news/econom?id=727396


Height: 8.16 m (26.77 ft)
Width: 9.87 m (32.38 ft)
Length: 20.60 m (67.58 ft)

Weight: 360 metric tons (396 short tons)
Payload capacity: 450 metric tons (496 short tons)
Gross weight: 810 metric tons (892 short tons)

Fuel tank: 2x2800L
Max. speed: 60 km/h (37.28 mph)Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Nice monster!My army truck's wheels are maybe 1.5m in diameter and weight 200 kgs. I wonder how fucking heavy those have to be.Simon91 said:



My army truck's wheels are maybe 1.5m in diameter and weight 200 kgs. I wonder how fucking heavy those have to be. 

Click to expand...

59/80R63 tire weighs 5,300 kg and contains 890 kg of steelVisit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Ok, this truck left today to Kuzbass (Kemerovo, Russia), 4300 km east from the Belaz factory.Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​What an absolute monster!YES!!!

Moar pics.Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Watch in HD!:cheers:

Belarus president rides on this truck.Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Jewish said:



YES!!!

Moar pics.

...










...

Click to expand...

That is the best viewing perspective on the truck.. 

BTW. How do they move that beast to the mining site? I was thinking they assemble it on site.^^ Another challenge has to be the maintenance. Even simple tasks like changing a tyre would probably require a full hangar worth of facilities at the operator's base.Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/art...new-dumper-truck-claiming-worlds-biggest.htmlVisit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Video about Belaz 75710A few new pics from the Belaz Trucks Americas

http://www.belaztrucks.com/belaz-unveils-worlds-largest-mining-truck/

Zhodino, Belarus

On the 25th of September, BELAZ celebrated its 65th anniversary. The customers, dignitaries, suppliers and special guests witnessed the unveiling of three new products: a 90mt (100) electric drive truck, a remotely controlled 136mt (150) truck and the world’s largest capacity mining truck, the 450mt (500) model 75710. All three trucks were available for hands-on inspection and in-operation viewing at the BELAZ engineering test facility.

The 75710 was designed at the request of long time BELAZ customers. Those customers operate trucks ranging in capacity from 130 to 360 metric tons. They demanded that the 75710 incorporate all of the design characteristics of their current trucks


Excellent performance and reliability provide by high performance engines from leading manufacturers, AC electric drive systems and efficient body hoist systems
Good maneuverability and superior ride comfort based on optimal integration of the truck and steering system and application of the innovative BELAZ designed pneumohydraulic suspension.
Operator safety and comfort with a modern cab, hydrostatic steering, and a high-performance electrodynamic retarder.
Long service life as a result of using advanced propulsion systems, latest technology components and assemblies and high strength materials in the frame and body.

Through a combination of unique designs and engineering innovations, the BELAZ product development experts were able to incorporate the traditional BELAZ truck characteristics into a hauler capable of carrying 450 metric tons of material and operating in the same footprint as its 320mt and 360mt predecessors. The model 75710 is designed to present a compact profile, achieve a significant performance increase and meet world safety standards.

Unique design features include:


450mt payload capacity by using 8 tires
Excellent maneuverability by using two pivoted axles and BELAZ engineered steering kinematics. The turning radius of the 75710 is 19.8 meters. (Turning radius of a 360mt capacity truck is 17.2 meters)
Perfect stability without sacrificing ride comfort due to use of anti-roll bar struts in the suspension system
The ability to operate at or near rated capacity in high rolling resistance environments through the standard all-wheel drive configuration.
Superior dumping performance with power enhanced hydraulic hoist drive
Optimized fuel efficiency by operating only one of the two engines when the truck is not loaded.
High performance, reliability and safe operation are provided by a “smart” AC electric drive system with electronic differentials and antiskid system

Performance characteristics of the 450mt truck are impressive: The ability to climb protracted longitudinal grades to 14% and short slopes up to 18%. Maximum truck speed of 64km/h. Resistance to “bogging down” or reducing payloads is very wet or unstable soil conditions.

25% Productivity Gain: As a result of its innovative design and unique features the BelAZ-75710 is estimated to provide a productivity gain of 25% versus the largest capacity trucks currently in use.

Discussions are being held with a number of customers to determine where the truck will make its debut in the dirt. Field trials are ready to begin. The sale of trucks will begin during 2014.

The launce of the BELAZ – 75710 is the latest result of the sustainable implementation of the BELAZ corporate mission:


Increased unit production capacity
Reduced cost per ton of material hauled
Increased automation of BELAZ mining equipment.Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​Like a ship on wheelsNew Indian TemplesHow was made Belaz 75710

http://vimeo.com/78334270Visit: +400m U/C Supertalls Progress in Images
Discover the Biggest​This is thread about all kinds of construction machinery. Excavators, drills, cranes, concrete pumps, ....name it.

I start with small John Deere excavator

img by John Deere....and this is small drill bobcat.:.....and this is standard manual pneumatic drill....big Hitachi excavator...









...big loader..Machinery used to construct a platform over rail tracks to support a new highrise complex in Midtown Manhattan:Tokyocheesesteak - My Youtube channel for construction updates, travel videos and urban scenes from around the world

My articles on New York YIMBYI am fascinated with machines. I learned a lot about them. But everytime it pops up something i didn't see before and of what i didn't know previously. There are so many machines....This is a bit smaller Hitachi excavator then previous one. Standing next to big truck(to depict proportions).

img: The Southland Timesimg:hitaciconstruction









^^Standard 50-70 ton ecavator

img hosted on:flickr









^^Mayrich Hitachi loading Kenworth truckimg:tripadvisor









^^big excavator computerised command boardIvan the Immigrant said:



img hosted on:flickr









^^Mayrich Hitachi loading Kenworth truck

Click to expand...

This arm configuration is pretty unusual."Find all you need in your mind , if you take the time"Heavy Lift Crane: Terex-Demag CC 2800-1 (600 t) + heavy lift cargo Offshore Transition Pieces 235 tons, 22m↑, ∅=6,5m







Heavy Lift Crane: Liebherr LR 1350-1 (350 t) + heavy lift cargo - 90 tons







Heavy Lift: Floating Crane 260 ton + ABB Transformer (200 t)Follow Me... YouTubeThis is the largest digging machine (or trencher or rotating shovel) in the world. It was built by Krupp and is shown here crossing a road in Germany on the way to its destination, an open air coal mine. Although at the mine the treads are unnecessary, it was cheaper to make the machine self-propelled than to try and move it with conventional hauling equipment. Some factoids:
The machine is 95 meters high and 215 meters long (almost 2.5 football fields in length)
Weight is 45,500 tons (that's equivalent to a bumper to bumper line of jeeps 80 miles long)
It took 5 years to design and manufacture at a cost of $100 million
Maximum digging speed is 10 meters per minute
Can move more than 76,000 cubic meters of coal, rock, and earth per day

Full article(+ img source) >> http://www.swapmeetdave.com/Humor/Workshop/Trencher.htm



























Click to expand...

..http://magspace.ru/blog/science/234874.html




The $100 million Bagger 288 (Excavator 288), built by the German company Krupp (now ThyssenKrupp) for the energy and mining firm Rheinbraun, is a bucket-wheel excavator or mobile strip mining machine.
When its construction was completed in 1978, Bagger 288 superseded NASA’s Crawler-Transporter, used to carry the Space Shuttle and Apollo Saturn V launch vehicle, as the largest land vehicle in the world. It is 311 feet (95 meters) tall, 705 feet (215 meters) long and weighs 45,500 tons. The machine took five years to design and manufacture and another five years to assemble.









uttp://twistedsifter.com/2012/04/bagger-288-worlds-largest-land-vehicle/

Click to expand...http://slideplayer.fr/slide/5545584/









http://picssr.com/photos/htmurph/favorites




This machine is built by Krupp ( Thyssenkrrup ) of Germany. The Bagger 288 excavator is the world’s largest vehicle. It is now owned and operated by RWE AG, a large utility company. If you want to get the dirt out, or if you want move a mountain, this is absolutely the right machine. The RWG Bagger 288 earth digger stands 311 feet tall, is 705 feet long and weighs 45,500 tons and by it scale alone is quite intimidating. In appearance it seems to be a giant’s version of an Erector Set project that got out of hand. Technically it is a bucket wheel excavator.

Continue reading(+ img source) >> https://newtechnohub.wordpress.com









Click to expand...http://www.diariomotor.com/2010/02/15/bagger-288-el-vehiculo-mas-grande-de-la-tierra/bagger-288-3/









http://m.technologijos.lt/cat/1/article/S-41132Imgs source: http://www.mdig.com.br/?itemid=7864

Click to expand...

..Bucket-wheel excavators (BWEs) are heavy equipment used in surface mining.
The primary function of BWEs is to act as a continuous digging machine in large-scale open-pit mining operations. What sets BWEs apart from other large-scale mining equipment, such as bucket chain excavators, is their use of a large wheel consisting of a continuous pattern of buckets used to scoop material as the wheel turns. They are among the largest vehicles ever constructed, and the biggest bucket-wheel excavator ever built, Bagger 293, is the largest terrestrial (land) vehicle in human history by weight according to the Guinness Book of World Records.










https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bucket-wheel_excavator

Click to expand...

..Another type of big excavators are Dragline excavators.




A dragline excavator is a piece of heavy equipment used in civil engineering and surface mining.
Draglines fall into two broad categories: those that are based on standard, lifting cranes, and the heavy units which have to be built on-site. Most crawler cranes, with an added winch drum on the front, can act as a dragline. These units (like other cranes) are designed to be dismantled and transported over the road on flatbed trailers. Draglines used in civil engineering are almost always of this smaller, crane type. These are used for road, port construction, pond and canal dredging, and as pile driving rigs. These types are built by crane manufacturers such as Link-Belt and Hyster.










https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dragline_excavator

Click to expand...










https://www.slideshare.net/mobile/isnindian/working-of-dragline









http://www.cat.com/en_US/products/new/equipment/draglines/draglines.htmlBig Muskie was a coal mining Bucyrus-Erie dragline owned by the Central Ohio Coal Company (formerly a division of American Electric Power), weighing 13,500 short tons (12,200 t) and standing nearly 22 stories tall. It operated in the U.S. state of Ohio from 1969 to 1991.










The Big Muskie was a model 4250-W Bucyrus-Erie dragline (the only one ever built). With a 220-cubic-yard (170 m3) bucket, it was the largest single-bucket digging machine ever created and one of the world's largest mobile earth-moving machines alongside the Illinois-based Marion 6360 stripping shovel called The Captain and the German bucket wheel excavators of the Bagger 288 and Bagger 293 family.[1] It cost $25 million in 1969, the equivalent of $161 million today adjusted for inflation.[2] Its bucket could hold two Greyhound buses side by side. It took over 200,000 man hours to construct over a period of about two years.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Muskie

Click to expand...










Big Muskie dragline excavator, Ohio December 1970 by Bill Greene on flickr









http://www.hceastore.com/3005.htmlFollow Me... YouTubeWhatever you think of electric cars doesn't matter, the fact of the matter is that 2010 marks the year of the beginning of the Electric Car Revolution. Every major and minor car manufacturing company is releasing an electric car this and next year, with a hundred more models becoming a reality in just two years. Charging stations are popping up in every country and their numbers will rise exponentially. Battery capacity is expected to rise by 1000% thanks to nanotech breakthroughs. 

Let us monitor and discuss this inevitable and overall positive revolution. 

Some existing problems to overcome:
* Average range of a single charge is at 110 miles or 177 km.
* A single charge from your regular home outlet will take as much as 6 to 9 hours. Although a new boosted charging stations does the job in 30 minutes. These numbers are expected to drop substantially in the coming years.
* In the next few years electric cars will only be convenient for those that have their own garage or a large parking lot equipped with electric charges. The latter is unlikely now but will change in just a few years, France is planning to enact a law that starting 2012 all residential complex parking lots are to be equipped with electric charging stations.
* Electric cars don't solve environmental problems just yet, because much of electricity is generated by coal power plants. However, this is easily remedied by building more Nuclear and Solar power plants. Fusion power reactors will soon be tested, in the future easily providing most of our energy needs.

To kick start the thread here's Aptera, the weird electric car that offers the least resistance to air. About 5000 of these have been pre-ordered in the United States :


















NOTE: Most electric cars look like regular cars, not futuristic space ships.

Post anything related to electric cars here. Hopefully I'm not the only one excitedThe violence of this disease was such that the sick communicated it to the healthy who came near them, just as a fire catches anything dry or oily near it. And it even went further. To speak to or go near the sick brought infection and a common death to the living; and moreover, to touch the clothes or anything else the sick had touched or worn gave the disease to the person touching. 1348 A.D.Yeah, I'm excited to see it happen.

I don't expect it so much to solve environmental problems though (well, why wait for the electric car to start with green energy?)

But it will help solve fine dust and noise issues - which would definitely make cities a lot more comfortable. And using the electro motor as dynamo to brake can make cars a lot more energy efficient in the city. And anyway, the car industry can use some fresh wind.Turkey will be one of the production bases for electric cars, first production is expected for 2011If man could be crossed with the cat, it would improve man but deteriorate the cat.New York has opened it's first public charging station, 100 more will be set up in the next 12 months. How many, if any, do your cities have? I know Israel wants to be completely covered with them in just 3 years, they expect to abandon gas powered cars by 2020. Hawaii has similar goals.The violence of this disease was such that the sick communicated it to the healthy who came near them, just as a fire catches anything dry or oily near it. And it even went further. To speak to or go near the sick brought infection and a common death to the living; and moreover, to touch the clothes or anything else the sick had touched or worn gave the disease to the person touching. 1348 A.D.VelesHomais said:



New York has opened it's first public charging station, 100 more will be set up in the next 12 months. How many, if any, do your cities have? I know Israel wants to be completely covered with them in just 3 years, they expect to abandon gas powered cars by 2020. Hawaii has similar goals.

Click to expand...

I think 2 will be built in Istanbul this year as a start. It is planned for electric cars to slowly replace combustion cars within a couple of years.If man could be crossed with the cat, it would improve man but deteriorate the cat.What we need is a revolution in energy storage technology. With current Lithum-Ion or LiPoly batteries the cars are unlikely to exceed the 500km range anywhere in future. Just look at your mobile phone - the iPhone has a battery that's merely several % larger than the one your dumbphone had five years ago. We need another way.

Once this will be done, once a car will cross the 1200-1500km range barrier (which mean that I could use this car for holiday travels and recharge it at some hotel/at the destination - recharge times won't matter then anymore), the electric revolution will kill the combustion engine in the couple of years. 

I hope that in 15 years time my car will be all electric.15 years? More like 2 for me. I'm sure that car companies are investing like crazy into battery technology research.The violence of this disease was such that the sick communicated it to the healthy who came near them, just as a fire catches anything dry or oily near it. And it even went further. To speak to or go near the sick brought infection and a common death to the living; and moreover, to touch the clothes or anything else the sick had touched or worn gave the disease to the person touching. 1348 A.D.Turknology said:



It is planned for electric cars to slowly replace combustion cars within a couple of years.

Click to expand...

It is NOT going to hapen!I am the eye in the sky, Looking at you 
I can read your mind 
I am the maker of rules, Dealing with fools 
I can cheat you blind.It will happen in some regions and countries (Hawaii, Denmark, Norway,Israel, California) within 10 years and on global scale within 20 .The violence of this disease was such that the sick communicated it to the healthy who came near them, just as a fire catches anything dry or oily near it. And it even went further. To speak to or go near the sick brought infection and a common death to the living; and moreover, to touch the clothes or anything else the sick had touched or worn gave the disease to the person touching. 1348 A.D.AltinD said:



It is NOT going to hapen!

Click to expand...

Why?

An electric car currently does 110km/h for example, top speed limits on autobahns are 120km/h here, so nothin much will be lost, and there will be no speeding ticketsIf man could be crossed with the cat, it would improve man but deteriorate the cat.Not in 2 years.I am the eye in the sky, Looking at you 
I can read your mind 
I am the maker of rules, Dealing with fools 
I can cheat you blind.VelesHomais said:



It will happen in some regions and countries (Hawaii, Denmark, Norway,Israel, California) within 10 years and on global scale within 20 .

Click to expand...

Also Turkey has been working on Hydrogen feul cells for quite some time now. As a country dependant on petroleum importations electric cars are a way out of our dependance on foreign countries for feul.If man could be crossed with the cat, it would improve man but deteriorate the cat.AltinD said:



Not in 2 years.

Click to expand...

I said in a couple of years, not 2If man could be crossed with the cat, it would improve man but deteriorate the cat.Plus, just as with smartphones, more fancy things are added to them and the baterry life now is 1/3 or even less of what it used to be a decade earlier. I doubt the switch to electric wil, happen before cars progress to the point where they would be able to drive themselves.

Let the hybrid take hold first, and then the electric cars can get over.I am the eye in the sky, Looking at you 
I can read your mind 
I am the maker of rules, Dealing with fools 
I can cheat you blind.Turknology said:



I said in a couple of years, not 2 

Click to expand...

couple = 2I am the eye in the sky, Looking at you 
I can read your mind 
I am the maker of rules, Dealing with fools 
I can cheat you blind.Hydrogen fuel cells sucks because it's gods damn expensive in terms of energy used to produce hydrogen right now. I've read somewhere that Honda FCX Clarity (first mass produced car powered with fuel cells) has the same level of energy efficiency (understood as "energy-to-wheels", with a power plant, electrolysis and fuel cell efficiency taken into account) than a conventional car. The only difference is that pollutions aren't produced by the car itself, but by the electric plant.

In comparison, even with current crappy batteries all-electric cars are four times more efficient, so even when the electricity is produced from coal it's still much more environment friendly.AltinD said:



couple = 2

Click to expand...If man could be crossed with the cat, it would improve man but deteriorate the cat.Fuzzy Llama said:



Hydrogen fuel cells sucks because it's gods damn expensive in terms of energy used to produce hydrogen right now. I've read somewhere that Honda FCX Clarity (first mass produced car powered with fuel cells) has the same level of energy efficiency (understood as "energy-to-wheels", with a power plant, electrolysis and fuel cell efficiency taken into account) than a conventional car. The only difference is that pollutions aren't produced by the car itself, but by the electric plant.

In comparison, even with current crappy batteries all-electric cars are four times more efficient, so even when the electricity is produced from coal it's still much more environment friendly.

Click to expand...

True, it is early days yet for the hydrogen feul cell.If man could be crossed with the cat, it would improve man but deteriorate the cat.Hydrogen, imho, has been a wasteful diversion, it will see a temporary use, but not long term.The violence of this disease was such that the sick communicated it to the healthy who came near them, just as a fire catches anything dry or oily near it. And it even went further. To speak to or go near the sick brought infection and a common death to the living; and moreover, to touch the clothes or anything else the sick had touched or worn gave the disease to the person touching. 1348 A.D.AltinD said:



Plus, just as with smartphones, more fancy things are added to them and the baterry life now is 1/3 or even less of what it used to be a decade earlier. I doubt the switch to electric wil, happen before cars progress to the point where they would be able to drive themselves.

Let the hybrid take hold first, and then the electric cars can get over.

Click to expand...

Technology for cars to drive themselves has arrived, it's used by U.S. Military and NASA. It will be available to us in ten years.The violence of this disease was such that the sick communicated it to the healthy who came near them, just as a fire catches anything dry or oily near it. And it even went further. To speak to or go near the sick brought infection and a common death to the living; and moreover, to touch the clothes or anything else the sick had touched or worn gave the disease to the person touching. 1348 A.D.Scania & DAF taking a break. Scania & Volvo have the largest share of the marketsale of trucks in Sweden and Scandinavia.











2 Scania trucks ^^The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationOne more cool thread from you!
TATA car carrier - New type

TATA by VinTN, on Flickr
TATA car carrier olde one and widely used

TATA heavy vehicles by VinTN, on Flickr
MAN 

MAN truck by VinTN, on FlickrYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Volvo FM12








By vintn at 2011-09-22

Close-up








By vintn at 2011-09-22Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Ashok Leyland trailer truck(new version)








By vintn at 2011-07-25
Ashok Leyland trailer truck(old version)








By vintn at 2011-07-25Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895TATA trailer truck









By vintn at 2011-07-06









By vintn at 2011-07-25









By vintn at 2011-07-06Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895MAN tippers


MAN Tipper by VinTN, on Flickr


MAN Tipper by VinTN, on FlickrYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Ashok Leyland and TATA by VinTN, on Flickr


AL trailer truck and Tipper by VinTN, on FlickrYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Newbies

Chennai is a automobile hub and hence its is common to see prototrpes on test in the suburbs. 
Bharat-Benz on test 








By vintn at 2011-07-06

AL NG trailer

AL truck on test by VinTN, on FlickrYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895AMW(Asian Motor Works) Tipper


AMW tipper by VinTN, on Flickr


IMG_4594 by VinTN, on FlickrYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Chasis









By vintn at 2011-09-22









By vintn at 2011-09-22Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Vicvin86 said:



Ashok Leyland trailer truck(new version)
vintn at 2011-07-25
Ashok Leyland trailer truck(old version)








By vintn at 2011-07-25

Click to expand...











Looks a bit like the old Volvo F12 (1977-86)^^ Are the newer TATA-trucks built with license from IVECO ?









Blue Water, Scania truck from Latvia^^








VOLVO Midsize truck, usually for short distance transport^^
















Older MB Atego Midsize truck & MB Sprinter lorry ^^








Newer MB Atego Midsize truck ^^









Long-haul Scania ^^









MB Atego, wanted to take a picture of the farthermost truck from PL, but there where 2 truckers in the cabin talking to eachother so I didn't want to bother them.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895NordikNerd said:



Are the newer TATA-trucks built with license from IVECO ?










Long-haul Scania ^^

Click to expand...

Like the Scania shot the most!
TATA and IVECO had alliance some time back but not sure about the model.Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895NordikNerd said:



Looks a bit like the old Volvo F12 (1977-86)^^ Are the newer TATA-trucks built with license from IVECO ?

Click to expand...

No - if you are referring to the red ones with the 'Prima' badging upfront, they are Tata's own. But quite a few have remarked about design similarities with IVECOs.

The Prima designs are all part of the World Truck range Tata developed post 2005, their first attempt at building more modern trucks. They are all cummins powered BTW.


Vicvin86 said:



TATA and IVECO had alliance some time back but not sure about the model.

Click to expand...

That would be Ashok Leyland, not Tata. The direct result of that alliance is the Ashok Leyland 'Cargo' model with the ubiquitous Ford Cargo cab. In fact, the design influence/lineage is still there in all the newer Ashok Leyland designs including some vague influences the latest U-truck models.

The Ashok Leyland Cargo 909(Sourced from an online classified on Olx.in)









Tata have historically been close to Mercedes-Benz, right from the days of the M-B 312 which was license built by Tata for decades till. Even today the non-Prima range of Tata trucks feature cabs that closely resemble M-B designs from the past.Thanks sscm!Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Vicvin86 said:



Thanks sscm!

Click to expand...

You're welcome Vicvin86.

BTW I must say that you are doing a commendable job by capturing and posting all these Indian CV pictures on World Forums. 

Our CV industry has been evolving in seclusion through the pre-reform days and it is only now that changes are taking place quite rapidly - although there is still some way to go before we catch up to the global leaders. 

Kudos to you for building awareness about them out here.:applause:Hi Guys,

Here are Exclusive pics from EXCON 2011 which concluded today in Bangalore, India. since there are 940 pics I have posted some of the important pics in my bog for quick reference on the Off Road Trucks, Construction Equipments and Machinery which were present during the event. 

For detailed album, there is a link given to my Photo album in Picasa. 

Do enjoy the pics... Volvo, Kamaz, Scania, Tata Prima, Caterpillar, etc are all there

http://www.yeshwanthlive.com/india-photoblog/excon-2011www.kadri007.comNew Mercedes Actros:Chiron: $3,000,000 USD base pricing, Chiron Noire: $3,300,000 USD and Sián Roadster: $3,300,000 USDMonza SP2: $1,000,000 











Divo: $8,000,000 USD











Centodieci: $9,000,000 USDthis is Lithuania emergency vehicles  
Police








































































































Ambulance
































the same van just dišrent line coulors
































































































Fire trucks
































OLD TRUCK

























:bash:Action shots-Australia 

Fire
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogvBbVHNZhA

Ambulance
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SBZG5GdhqUYou've got Benz ambulances and Beamer cruisers? Damn, I'm jealous.世上无难事，只怕有心人ambulanceHypa Hypa, you're pretty and I like ya.:cheers: The Netherlands;

Ambulance;





































Police;



















Don't know if Flevoland uses this one;


















Fire trucks;



















This one is for airport Schiphol Amsterdam;


















Hope you like the Dutch ones!:cheers:"United Kingdom

Police Car (no set brand, lots of different car companies used)









Police Van/Mobile CCTV Unit









Diplomatic Protection









Transport Police









Heddlu (Welsh Police)









Police Smart Car (Special)









Metropolitan Police Super Car (Special, unknown if entered service, may just be promo) 









Air Ambulance/Police Helicopter









Fire Engine









Quick Response Ambulance









Ambulance









Ambiwlans (Welsh Ambulance) 









Ambulance CycleNot exactly a country but 

HK

Photos by Dennis Chan

Police









Fire









Ambulance









Despite being in Asia, HK prefers using European vehicles for its serviceManila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!Nice cars!Greece, some of the emergency vehicles:

ambulance




























Police cars























































Police bikes


















Fire fighting vehiclesmy flickr
Thessaly-The land of myths
Tall Athens - The blog!Look at the land that is ruled by green dwarves (not Marsians

The Germans still have the coolest police vehicles ah :rock: 










More pics from Porsche police car


The "old", green design:
































































Former Police-Porsche:










Good traditional VW Beetle:










Old VW Bus:










Traditional Radio-vehicle:










A special one, the cult-car Trabant (Trabbi) from the good old German Democratic Republic (GDR) - I'm just in love with it :hug: 










Just a smart police car from Smart 










Police helicopters:
































































Unimog at Oktoberfest (Munich):










Prisoner transport-bus:










Feldjäger - The military police in Germany:























































Escort for foreign state guests (in Berlin for example):




























1st May:



















And an absolutely great official version 











The new, blue design:














































The Smart in blue 



















Perhaps for the close lanes in Munich?










Comparison - little Opel Corsas with blue and green:










New Bikes:










Some examples of the new helicopters:






































OK, I think that could be enough with green and blue for the moment :banana: Hope u n-joyed it :lol:GET FREE!
D W F

🔥 Tradition doesn't mean to look after the ash, but to keep the flame alive! 🔥​Some typical vehicles from Slovenia:SLOVENIA TOURISM:::LJUBLJANA TOURISM
URBANA SLOVENIJA BLOGSome emergency vehicles from California:

California Highway Patrol (CHP):









CHP motorcycle:









Sacramento City Police:









Sacramento City Police motorcycle:









Sacramento County Sheriff:









Nevada Highway Patrol:









Typical All-American Fire Truck:









American Medical Response:









Typical American Ambulance within Fire Department:Go Cougs!Some more from California, mostly the Los Angeles Area:

LAPD on patrol at Venice Beach:









LAPD motorcycle:









LAPD Bomb Squad:









SWAT rescue:

















LAPD Helicopters:

















Los Angeles Fire Department pictures:

































































COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT:



































Suburban Fire Depts around Los Angeles:lol, the California vehicles are more like the stuff I'm used to seeing in Toronto. It's crazy seeing all of these luxury cars being used as emergency vehicles in Europe.世上无难事，只怕有心人they must have calculated the cost-benefit and it comes out on the plus side for them...maybe their quickness is an advantage or the car companies have a deal with the government?I don't know if a car is luxurious just because it's a Mercedes or a BMW, but these companies probably do have deals with the governments. All these Lamborghini/Porsche/Ferrari/Whatever police cars are just publicity stunts, while most policemen drive something more "normal" like a Skoda or a Renault 

Those long Californian fire engines are awesome!^^ the mercs are betterI never understood these many types of Police in the USA... Sheriff, Highway patrol, Police... etc... Do they all do the same work and have the same authority?zachus22 said:



lol, the California vehicles are more like the stuff I'm used to seeing in Toronto. It's crazy seeing all of these luxury cars being used as emergency vehicles in Europe.

Click to expand...

LOL I remember a friend's friend from USA that came here and saw a MB garbage truck, how impressed she was :lol:Ok, so here is what we have in Russia:

Road Patrol Service









To the right of MB are Lada Samara and Lada 2107

































AmbulanceKind of a random thought but I was curious, are there any other cities similar to Washington D.C. in the sense that they are high density, but not very tall. They only ones I can think of like this are Washington D.C. and the non-Manhattan boroughs of NewYork City. Thanks.Plenty of cases throughout the old world in particular.
Now, it depends as to what is the limit of high rises you would allow into consideration. For example, Paris has some very high density areas, but if you take it as a whole, it has a considerable amount of highrises scattered throughout (obviously not Manhattan levels).
Another easy case that comes to mind is Athens..SuperpoliS.​In addition to Athens, many Indian cities that are medium sized are high-density, while highrises are nowhere to be seen. Barcelona and Madrid are also quite dense and have less high rises than one would expect. I expect a few Italian cities to be the same.The future is skywards!In Europe: Paris, the city proper, 21000/km2, apart from very few exceptions like Tour Montparnasse.
In North-America: Washington DC, 4442/km2
In Asia: Denpasar, 7200/km2, the tallest inhabitable buildings are probably even lower than those of Paris and DC.Local transition of Herself ongoing, development flourishing. Finished: whenever she thinks it is.New thread for the Castles around the world.INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayCASTELLO SFORZESCO - MILAN, ITALY











CASTEL SANT'ANGELO - ROME, ITALYINTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayCastello Sforzesco (Sforza Castle)
Milan, Italy

Built in 14th-15th century, the castle has an imposing and iconographic aspect. During the Renaissance it was the residence of Milan’s Duke Ludovico Sforza. Leonardo Da Vinci worked there as a military and civil engineer and only later as an artist. He painted the frescoed ceiling of the "Sala delle Asse" (‘room of the wooden panels’), combining a naturalist depiction with a strong symbolism.

The castle hosts a series of civic museums ranging from ancient and Egyptian art to paintings, musical instruments and 21st century furniture. The art gallery displays works by some famous Italian artists such as Mantegna, Giovanni Bellini e Antonello da Messina. Among them a real masterpiece: the ‘Pietà Rondanini’, an unfinished sculpture by Michelangelo on which he worked in the last years of his life.

see more official websiteYou can be born in Milan or found yourself in it, by chance. And it feels like you've chosen it.
Milan: Projects & ConstructionsCastles in Sweden









Vadstena Castle which has a moat. 








Vadstena Castle originally built by King Gustav I in 1545 










Örebro Castle - The oldest part of the castle, a defence tower, was erected in the latter half of the 13th century.










Tourists at the Stockholm Castle









Painting of the old castle of Stockholm, which burned down in 1697.









Linköping Castle, not looking much as a castle though.









Kronborg Castle, Helsingör, Denmark -Hamlet's castle-The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationCastel Nuovo (New Castle) or Maschio Angioino
Naples, Italy

The construction of Castel Nuovo began in 1279. 


Castel Nuovo, Naples by Nicola Bova​
The castle was building on a strategic place on the Gulf of Naples. From the very beginning it was called "Castrum Novum" to distinguish it from the older city castles (Castel dell'Ovo and Castello Capuano). 


DSCF1663 by pergiu​
The castle became a centre of culture giving hospitality to artists, doctors and men of letters among whom were Giotto, Petrarch and Boccaccio. The Castel Nuovo was used as royal residence of different dynasties that ruled Naples and its kingdom. 


Maschio Angioino - Napoli by Lucio Sassi

Castello Maschio Angoino 004 by Davide Roe

NAPOLI by marco de gemmis​You can be born in Milan or found yourself in it, by chance. And it feels like you've chosen it.
Milan: Projects & ConstructionsCastel del Monte
Andria, Italy








Castel del Monte is one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Italy. The castle is a massive and dominating octagonal structure that sits on a small stretch of the Murge plateau in Apulia region (southern Italy). 








Universally considered an example of genius medieval architecture, Castel del Monte actually unites elements of diverse styles and traditions from different epochs in history: the Romanic lines of the lions at the castle's entrance, the Gothic cornice of the towers, the Classical movement of its interior frieze, the defensive grandeur of the structure in general, the Islamic refinement of its mosaics.

















Built in 1240, Castel del Monte became the permanent seat of the Court of Federico II (who became sovereign of the Kingdom of Sicily at three years of age). The monarch, nicknamed "Stupor Mundi" for his eclecticism and his enormous culture, bequeathed his own mysterious air and enigmatic legacy to the castle itself. 








The mathematical and astronomical rigor of the castle's design, based on eight as a guiding number, and its position, emphatically studied so as to create symmetries of light during the winter solstice and summer equinox, have merged into a symbolism appealing to scholars for centuries, and leaving its visitors both pleased and perplexed by its nature. While the castle possesses a military look and some of the attributes, it does not feature the usual elements of military monuments from the same period, such as a wall and moat, and stables, for example. 








Eight are the sides of the castle, and eight are the rooms on the ground floor as well as on the second floor; the rooms are trapezoidal, and placed in an order so as to form yet more octagons. The corners of the castle are attached to eight towers that are, of course, octagonal. It is said that inside the castle's courtyard was installed a pool of water, itself another octagon. 








The solid compactness of the mixed limestone and quartz on its facades is grazed by mullioned windows (monofore on the second floor, bifore on the third, and in one case, trifore). The main entrance - in a coral-colored marble known as breccia corallina - reproduces the classic triumphal arch that frames another pointed (lancet) arch, defined as "a sort of prelude to the Renaissance".

















The two interior levels are linked by spiral, counter-clockwise staircases inside the towers – another anomaly for a military fortification of its day.You can be born in Milan or found yourself in it, by chance. And it feels like you've chosen it.
Milan: Projects & ConstructionsCastle of Milazzo
Milazzo, Italy

Impressive by its very stature, the Castle of Milazzo perfectly illustrates thousand years of the history of Sicily, the largest Mediterranean island located in southern Italy.








The castle occupies 7 hectares on top of the ancient Borgo. The most ancient structures go back to 4000 BC, then in the 8th century BC the Greeks colonizers built on it their citadel (the Acropolis), which the Romans and Byzanthines changed into a castrum. 


Milazzo by adaziecik​
In 843 the Arabs built the massive central tower called Mastio and eight more towers around. In the following centuries Normans and Swabians added more buildings, the Aragonese strengthened the defensive system, and the Spaniards surrounded everything with an imposing wall circle with bulwarks, creating a walled town.

The castle was also the seat of the Sicilian Parliament in 1295.


Castello di Milazzo e Marina Garibaldi - Milazzo by Emanuele Maiorana

Castello di Milazzo by Gianluca Giunta

the castle of Milazzo Sicily by Santo Aricò​
There is one other curiosity: outside of the castle to the north side, an "insect" is designed into into the rocks: the "scarabeo" was created with black lava stone, in the form of a giant beetle, also seems one large eye. Its position and meaning is connected to the sun, since it marks the spot of sunrise on the day of the summer solstice.








From the top of the castle it is possible to enjoy an all-round view, including the Etna (Europe's tallest active volcano) and the Aeolian islands.


Castello di Milazzo by Gianluca Giunta​You can be born in Milan or found yourself in it, by chance. And it feels like you've chosen it.
Milan: Projects & ConstructionsCastello Scaligero (Scaliger Castle)
Sirmione, Italy









Scaliger Castle in Sirmione, Italy by Sergey Dzyuba​
Scaliger Castle is located in Sirmione, a town situated on top of a small peninsula that juts out into the southern portion of Lake Garda (Italy's largest lake). The Scaliger Castle is consideredone of the finest examples of a medieval fortification, including a very rare fortified port.


SIRMIONE by Domenico Marchi​
Sirmione was once known as Garda, and had been a Veronese summer resort for the elite since the 1st century BC. The town had grown to become one the most important Roman cities in northeast Italy, Garda had been praised by several artists and poets of the time, including Catullus.



Sirmione (Bs) - Le grotte di Catullo by Luigi Strano








Sirmio by Stefano Farise​
During the 4th and the 5th century AD, the town became an important fortified strongpoint for the defence of Lake Garda's southern section. A settlement had existed in the area even after the Lombard conquest and had depended directly on the King for its operation. King Desiderius's wife Ansa had founded a church and monastery in the city.

In the first half of the 13th century, Sirmione fell into the hands of the Scaliger family. The castle was built by Mastino The First della Scala, lord of Verona, around 1259 and completed in two further phases. The town continued to be an important military center until the 16th century. Until the 19th century, a garrison had remained in the castle. Sirmione had been a part of the Republic of Venice from the year 1405 till 1797. Later became a part of the Kingdom of Italy.


Sirmione by Amaury LE HESRAN​
The Castle presents the typical Ghibelline swallowtail merlons and the curtain-walls (with three corner towers) in pebbles alternating with two horizontal bands of brick courses. The walls on the inside were finished with plaster with graffiti, simulating blocks of stone. 









Scaliger Castle by Stefan Romen








Battlements by Alessandro Zaghetto​
It is surrounded by a moat and it can only be entered by two drawbridges. You can stroll on walkways around the walls and go up 146 steps to the top of the east tower, from where breathtaking views can be enjoyed. The main room houses a small museum with local finds from the Roman era and a few medieval artifacts.









The Scaliger Castle by Marco Pompeo Photography​You can be born in Milan or found yourself in it, by chance. And it feels like you've chosen it.
Milan: Projects & ConstructionsTo be or not to be.....the Hamlet Castle









Kronborg Castle, Helsingör Denmark seen from the ferry.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationIThomas said:



Castle of Milazzo
Milazzo, Italy
​

Click to expand...



Seems like in Sniper 3 this castle has been featured. Anybody here played Sniper 3?​The CEO of United Builders Service; Lloyd Claycomb.Wales

Caernarfon










Harlech










Both built during the reign of King Edward I of England during the 1200's to subjugate the Welsh.I have visited 2 castles this summer










Schwerin Castle, Germany aka "Neuschwanstein of the North" a rather modern castle built 
between 1845 and 1857 a work of romantic Historicism.











Stegeborg Castle, Sweden -A ruined castle built in 1310, but the tower is errected in the late 1500's.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThe Forts and Castle are depicted countries history and culture. As in Pakistan, the Shahi fort shows the beautiful and rich cultured history of Mughal empire.Chapultepec Castle - México City




WTCMX said:











Click to expand...En Querétaro TODO es posibleOh my god. So nice pictures!. I wish I could go there.
-----------
Best Magento 2 extensions - magexts.comThis is the Gravensteen castle in the centre of Ghent (Belgium), the city where I live.
It served as the seat of the counts of Flanders.IThomas said:



Castello Scaligero (Scaliger Castle)
Sirmione, Italy









Scaliger Castle in Sirmione, Italy by Sergey Dzyuba​
Scaliger Castle is located in Sirmione, a town situated on top of a small peninsula that juts out into the southern portion of Lake Garda (Italy's largest lake). The Scaliger Castle is consideredone of the finest examples of a medieval fortification, including a very rare fortified port.


SIRMIONE by Domenico Marchi​
Sirmione was once known as Garda, and had been a Veronese summer resort for the elite since the 1st century BC. The town had grown to become one the most important Roman cities in northeast Italy, Garda had been praised by several artists and poets of the time, including Catullus.



Sirmione (Bs) - Le grotte di Catullo by Luigi Strano








Sirmio by Stefano Farise​
During the 4th and the 5th century AD, the town became an important fortified strongpoint for the defence of Lake Garda's southern section. A settlement had existed in the area even after the Lombard conquest and had depended directly on the King for its operation. King Desiderius's wife Ansa had founded a church and monastery in the city.

In the first half of the 13th century, Sirmione fell into the hands of the Scaliger family. The castle was built by Mastino The First della Scala, lord of Verona, around 1259 and completed in two further phases. The town continued to be an important military center until the 16th century. Until the 19th century, a garrison had remained in the castle. Sirmione had been a part of the Republic of Venice from the year 1405 till 1797. Later became a part of the Kingdom of Italy.


Sirmione by Amaury LE HESRAN​
The Castle presents the typical Ghibelline swallowtail merlons and the curtain-walls (with three corner towers) in pebbles alternating with two horizontal bands of brick courses. The walls on the inside were finished with plaster with graffiti, simulating blocks of stone. 









Scaliger Castle by Stefan Romen








Battlements by Alessandro Zaghetto​
It is surrounded by a moat and it can only be entered by two drawbridges. You can stroll on walkways around the walls and go up 146 steps to the top of the east tower, from where breathtaking views can be enjoyed. The main room houses a small museum with local finds from the Roman era and a few medieval artifacts.









The Scaliger Castle by Marco Pompeo Photography​

Click to expand...

This is unrealistically cool! I would like to go there!São Jorge Castle, Lisbon Portugal


Castelo de São Jorge by Marco Verch, no Flickr


Aerial of Castelo de São Jorge by Marco Verch, no Flickr


Ruins of Castelo de São Jorge by Marco Verch, no Flickr


Luftbild des Castelo de São Jorge by Marco Verch, no FlickrSKYSCRAPERCITY.PT MAP | @SKYSCRAPERCITY.PT ON INSTAGRAMNyköpingshus, Sweden

Nyköpingshus is a Medieval castle, partly in ruins. 

















The castle court.









Photos from today


Construction on the castle is thought to have begun at the end of the 12th century, when it was built as a sort of castellum. It is thought king Birger Jarl expanded the building to a larger castle. During the reign of king Albert the castle was held as a fief by the German knight Raven van Barnekow, who made important improvements on the building, and later by Bo Jonsson Grip. Further reconstructions and expansions were done during the late Middle Ages. Gustav Vasa strengthened the castle further for defensive purposes and a round gun tower from that time remains today.

The medieval castle was rebuilt in the end of the 16th century by Duke Charles (later Charles IX of Sweden) into a renaissance palace. The palace burned down with the rest of the city in 1665. It wasn't reerected; in fact some of its bricks were used in the construction of Stockholm Palace. However, parts of the castle were sound enough to be used as county residence until the 1760s.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationTop 3 most iconic from my country. Let them call tourist trap 1, tourist trap 2 and tourist trap 3.I read about future projects and 3D technologies for houses on the moon - Icon Creates 3D Printed Houses for the Moon
What do you think about this and what would be the infrastructure on the moon in your opinion?Hi everybody,


I hope to find many SSC forumers who are interested in reservoirs: their location, use, technical data, such as their surface, water storage capacity, length of shoreline, ..... and of course: photos!!!

Here in Spain we have thousands of them because the extremely variable climatic conditions in most parts of the country make them absolutely necessary. Many are really huge!

What I´m personally most interested in is
a. the wide range of leisure activities that can be practised in many of them: swimming, sailing, canoeing, wind-surfing, jet-skying, bird-watching, etc. 

b. the new and (most often) beautiful landscapes created after their construction (in Spain, at least, all reservoir shores and surroundings were intensively afforested to stop erosion from washing too much earth into them)

I must confess I´m not a very skilled forumer, so I´ll try to post the first photos and infos in the following post.

It would be great to learn about dams, reservoirs and their surroundings in many countries of the world.

Please, join in!!!The honour of being the first reservoir photo in the thread: Aguilar de Campoo reservoir, Pisuerga river, province of Palencia (Castille & León), about 250 cubic hectometres of capacity (1 cubic hectometre =1 million cubic metres)



















A beautiful place for swimming, sailing, canoeing, wind-surfing, relaxing, walking in the nearby forests and watching the mountains of the Cantabrian mountain range.I am happy to find this post very useful for me, as it contains lot of information. I always prefer to read the quality content and this thing I found in you post. Thanks for sharingDear SCC friends, I had almost forgotten about this thread I started back in 2013! 
Somehow I lost interest in continuing the thread, maybe because I received so few answers. But my interest in the topic is still there, so I´m going to retake it!
TRANCO DE BEAS RESERVOIR, GUADALQUIVIR RIVER, JAEN PROVINCE, ANDALUSIA
This huge reservoir (498 hm"), dams the upper Guadalquivir river, thereby regulating it and storing water for the summer to irrigate this huge valley with an intense agrigultural activity. The surrounding area is the beautiful Sierra de Cazorla mountain range.RUESGA RESERVOIR
This is rather small (10 hm2) but extremely beautifully set reservoir near the town of Cervera de Pisuerga, in the mountainous North of the province of Palencia, in Castille and Leon.
It dams the small Rivero river, a tributary of the Pisuerga river. The great thing about this reservoir is that it is usually completely full all through the summer. So it´s great for swimming and kayaking.Delhi–Meerut Expressway (Hindi: दिल्ली-मेरठ एक्सप्रेसवे) is India's widest 96 km long controlled-access expressway, connecting Delhi with Meerut via Dasna in Ghaziabad in India. The 8 lanes old stretch of National Highway 9 (NH-9) up to Dasna is widened to 14 lanes(widest expressway in India). The next phase of the expressway is being built on a new alignment from Dasna to Meerut - a six-lane stretch joining Meerut bypass. The 28 km (17 mi) stretch between Nizamuddin Bridge and Dasna is one of the most congested areas in the NCR.<a target="_blank" href="https://imageshackYes, this is true that NH 9 is the broadest highway in India. I have also traveled there a couple of times.I am looking for a realistic car simulation on which you travel on motorways if possible and where you see roads in different conditions, roadworks etc, would be great if such a thing exitsts, does someone know anythng? The best thing would be if it contains an eitor where you can build maps, I would program the Struma motorway with the E-79 til Dupnica and only race on this track.http://radio.powernet.bg/ 
The best psychedelic/goa and psychedelic/ambient and psychill radiostations so far.Yeah, I know of some train simulators, but motorway sims... it seems there just aren't any. I would be interested too, if someone found a game/simulation like Radi is describing.GTA:San Andreas.Hungarian motorways Hungarian railways
Budapest constructions&updates Budapest metro M4
Pictures about
Sopron,Szeged,Veszprém,Debrecen,Keszthely,Lake Balaton,
Touristy and not-touristy BudapestI've played with the game "Alarm für Cobra 11 - Nitro", and you have to drive a lot on motorways (like in the TV series). The game itself is not too realistic, but it really gives back "ze Deutsche Autobahn" feeling. I've heared the game has a newer version, but I haven't palyed with it yet.The games you guys mentioned aren´t very realistic and rather cheap productions. I am looking for something realistic, and by the way, the Need for speed series aren´t too realistic either and way too Hiphophttp://radio.powernet.bg/ 
The best psychedelic/goa and psychedelic/ambient and psychill radiostations so far.^^ The Cobra11 game has the most realistic highway I've seen in a game. It has real intersections and resting places. The cars suck though.BND said:



^^ The Cobra11 game has the most realistic highway I've seen in a game. It has real intersections and resting places. The cars suck though.

Click to expand...

Do they have middle crashbarriers or are they as shitty as in the need for speed series? I would love soemthing even where you see roadconstruction signs or such and where you feel difference in driving reaction on old / new asphalt.http://radio.powernet.bg/ 
The best psychedelic/goa and psychedelic/ambient and psychill radiostations so far.^^ Yes they have, you cannot cross them without smashing the carAktually the graphics don´t even look so bad










That´s in game, the road looks very nice and wide, maybe I´ll give it a try.http://radio.powernet.bg/ 
The best psychedelic/goa and psychedelic/ambient and psychill radiostations so far.This is how the Autobahn looks in the game:Ok, here it doesn´t look too good.http://radio.powernet.bg/ 
The best psychedelic/goa and psychedelic/ambient and psychill radiostations so far.Test Drive Unlimited  But it's a bit exotic areaNFS Porsche Unleashed has an autobahn trackSvaki dan sanjam autobahn...​*my clinched motorways*​These crashbarriers don't look too shiny... :dunno: hno:Mucha, mucha, w mucholocie
jak w prawdziwym samolocie
do Krakowa sobie leci
a za oknem słonko świeci.It is obvious because it is not Struma motorwayIf I had serious money I would say to some game developers dealing with racing games that they should make one track of the Struma motorway and E-79 in snowy winterlandscape, it would be too awesome.http://radio.powernet.bg/ 
The best psychedelic/goa and psychedelic/ambient and psychill radiostations so far.I thought about recommending some stuff, but when you mentioned "racing", it defeats the purpose  No racing game will really give you the feel of real driving, and the only genre really missing from the PC today is that of simulation of real driving where you have to follow all the traffic rules. The motorway is probably the least fun part of such a game though, because it doesn't involve "doing" much 

With that said, if you would like to try an "educational driving simulator" where you follow the rules of traffic in Europe, but with pretty bad graphics, I recommend this:
http://www.3d-fahrschule.de/uk_index.htm
I have it, and enjoy it sometimes when I'm really bored  But I really like any type of simulators, especially flight ones (MS Flight Sim). You also have the autobahn here, and some left-side driving in London.

MateoW mentioned Test Drive Unlimited. It's an awesome game because it's one of few computer games that feature a fully manual transmission with a clutch, which is kind of fun to play with, even though it's limited if you don't have pedals and a shifter (I just assigned a key to the clutch ).

But yeah, bottom line is that large and high quality driving simulators for real life driving (where you follow the rules and details such as traffic signs, lights, markings, etc. are emphasized) do not really exist, and can be found only on expensive driver education equipment.

I once thought about developing something like this on my own, or with a couple of friends, but currently I don't have the time for such things. Maybe in the futureCheck out my driving videos on Youtube | Please visit the Highways & Autobahns forumReally? Urban freeways are my favourite to drive. The QEW and 427 between Dorvall and the 401 is the best. Particualy at night. I will be really sad when the 427 finally gets 401-izedAsphaltplanet.caThere are some truck simulations though, where you can drive half of the US Interstates. But it's quite old though.highway photography @ Flickrsonysnob said:



Really? Urban freeways are my favourite to drive. The QEW and 427 between Dorvall and the 401 is the best. Particualy at night. I will be really sad when the 427 finally gets 401-ized

Click to expand...

I was talking about driving simulators  Unless you have a simulator whre you can drive on the 427 - I'd be happy to get it 



Chriszwolle said:



There are some truck simulations though, where you can drive half of the US Interstates. But it's quite old though.

Click to expand...

Yeah you're right, I forgot to mention these, since I actually have several of them as well. The series is called 18 Wheels of Steel.Check out my driving videos on Youtube | Please visit the Highways & Autobahns forumOn http://www.rcdb.com/tv.htm?continent=2 you can get information about stationary rollercoasters throughout the world. Transportable rollercoasters like those used on the Octoberfest in Munich are not in the list!Ahh.. the best roller-coaster I've been on is on there: Colossus in Thorpe Park!

It has the most inversions (loops) of any roller-coaster in the world:





































brrr :eek2:-SE9 said:



















Click to expand...

:eek2: :eek2: :eek2: That looks wicked! Surreal! :eek2: :eek2: :eek2:You're gonna wish you never had met me.
Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep.​i have been on collosus its amazing specially the 10 loops.WaSs uP DuDe ​   

दिल्ली  मुंबई बंगलौर  कोलकाता चेन्नई अमृतसर​


.·´¯`·.¸.·´¯`·.·(`'·.¸(`'·.¸(`'·.¸ ¸.·'´)¸.·'´)¸.·'´)ThE kInG.·´¯`·.¸.·´¯`·.·(`'·.¸(`'·.¸(`'·.¸ ¸.·'´)¸.·'´)¸.·'´)Some impressive coasters:

Silverstar, Germany


















X, USA









Top Thrill Dragster and the Millenium









Mantis









Raptor










In Cedar Point, SF Magic Mountain and SF Great Adventure you can find teh best coasters in teh world.I've heard that Thorpe Park are building a 80mph coaster.And some surreal coasters from RCT 2:kiretoce said:



That looks wicked! Surreal!

Click to expand...

yeah lol i thought I was gonna fall out!



















This is (some) the rest of Thorpe Park - London/Surrey 









Loggers Leap (OK)









Samurai (v.good)









Detonator (exellent)









Tidal Wave (v.good)









Vortex (exellent)









Nemesis Inferno (exellent)



This is the new 1 being built in Thorpe Park:-Oh, to watch onboard footage from colossus, click on the link below!:

http://www.thorpepark.co.uk/explore/watch_video.asp?getMovie=colossus-:banana2: I'm getting all dizzy with all those corkscrews....whoahHong Kong's Ocean Park

Sources : 
http://www.pbase.com/dan_wong
http://www.pbase.com/sunkitWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatI've been on Colossus and the corkscrews at the end are worse than the big loops as you feel as though you're going to fall out. The new coaster they're building for 2006 looks pretty scary.BEST ROLLERCOASTER OF ALL-TIME:

Millennium Force
310 feet tall
93 miles per hour
80 degree descent
6,595 feet long

http://www.cedarpoint.com/public/inside_park/rides/thrill/millennium/pov/active/56k.cfm
Cedar Point- Sandusky, Ohio^^ whoa that 1st drop is dope!-Soufian said:



Some impressive coasters:

Silverstar, Germany

















Click to expand...

Silverstar is great.Its the fastest and highest in Europe as far as I know.
btw there is another nice coaster inside the big silver dome you see in the corner of the second pic,called Eurosat.

Heres the website of the park: www.europapark.deGNU Against the global movement for monoculturalism/EuropeanisationBlackpool UK, one of the tallest in Europe I believe.Silverstar again:












and the highest and biggest wooden rollercoaster in the world:
Colossos in the Heide-Park/Germany:GNU Against the global movement for monoculturalism/EuropeanisationThat last pic is The Beastsome in madrid:

madrid's amusement park:

TORNADO







































TARANTULA





























Warner Bross Park Madrid


BATMAN: LA FUGA




















COASTER EXPRESS ( a wooden one)


STUNT FALL





























SUPERMANUniversal Studios Port Aventura in Tarragona, Spain


DIABLO





















DRAGON KHAN





























STAMPIDAPost any rollercoaster news in your part of the World.. or ANYWHERE... Here!


Rollercoasters might be a bit random in a skyscraper forum, but with some in the world over 100m tall, they easily have enough height to make an impression on a skyline. I have included each 'coaster's height.


UK Tallest Rollercoasters

1. 65m Pepsi Max Big One
2. 63m Stealth 
3. 51m Jubilee Odyssey 
4. 46m Millennium Roller Coaster 
5. 37m Shockwave 
6. 36m Kumali 
7. 36m Wipeout/Boomerang 
8. 35m Speed: No Limits 
9. 33m Infusion 
10. 33m Ultimate 


European Tallest Rollercoasters

1. 73m Silver Star (Germany)
2. 65m Pepsi Max Big One (UK)
3. 63m Stealth (UK)
4. 60m Colossos (Germany)
5. 58m Stunt Fall (Spain)
6. 55m Vertigo (Belgium)
7. 53m Expedition GeForce (Germany)
8. 51m Jubilee Odyssey (UK)
9. 50m Katun (Italy)
10. 50m Superman (Spain)



World's Tallest Rollercoasters:

1. 139m Kingda Ka (USA)
2. 128m Top Thrill Dragster (USA)
3. 127m Superman The Escape (USA)
4. 115m Tower of Terror (Australia)
5. 97m Steel Dragon 2000 (Japan)
6. 95m Millennium Force (USA)
7. 80m Thunder Dolphin (Japan)
8. 79m Fujiyama (Japan)
9. 76m Eejanaika (Japan)
10. 75m Titan (USA)


Here are some pictures of Kingda Ka... the tallest rollercoaster in the WorldI remember the "Bigger One" being planned for Blackpool Pleasure beach (UK) some time ago. Here's the promotional video. It would have been the tallest rollercoaster in the world. Good video here:

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7057964445874979805^^ Kingda Ka Rockz!Holy shit! That green rollercoaster looks insane!Stockholm projects

http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=449245
Countries i've been to: Australia, Austria, Canada, Brazil, China, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Lichtenstein, Germany, The Netherlands, Latvia, Italy, UK, USA, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia, Hong Kong.I think I would be physically sick if I went on the Kingda Ka.

Anyway, this thread belongs here -
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/forumdisplay.php?f=4FutureTimeline.net...Those dragster rollercosters cant really be compared to traditional rollercoaters height wise though imoGNU Against the global movement for monoculturalism/EuropeanisationKingda ka is sick. We went to six flags last halloween for there themed halloween specials and jumped on it, whatever. Going up was the weirdest part if you are sitting with your head back your fine but move it just slightly (literally) in any direction is tough. No joke, this is the fastest damn coaster I have ever been on. I didn't expect what I got. I would still go on it again. BTW it's in Jackson, Nj about a half hour drive or so from Manhattan.Completely attached to New York but completely in love with Chicago.

 NAKED NEW YORK: A complete tour of New York City, 5 boroughs and immediate Metro: http://www.skyscrapercity.com/forumdisplay.php?f=2202wjfox2002 said:



Anyway, this thread belongs here -
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/forumdisplay.php?f=4

Click to expand...

Thanks. I wasn't sure that 'General Urban Developments' was the right forum, as many of these rollercoaster are over 100m.HK roller coasters

"The Dragon" (Ocean Park)









"Mine Train" (Ocean Park)Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!A few from the world's oldest amusement park: Bakken

Located in a lush park in Northern Copenhagen















































More pics of the park: http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=456862&page=7FREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​Why all the relatively short coasters in Europe? Are there regulations which limit them? Are Europeans more apt to be scared of heights? I'm just curious, I think they deserve some talls as well.LATOSO 
C.B.P. - Citizens for Better Planning

Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood and probably will themselves not be realized. Make big plans; aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will not die. - Daniel BurnhamI think in Germany(Silverstar,Colossos,Expedition GeForce )are the coasters very scared^^the olympia looping ( 5 loopings ) from germany is 1250m long, think that is not that short. in addition comes that it is transportableClick here to get the Worlds Supertall Lists​Latoso said:



Why all the relatively short coasters in Europe? Are there regulations which limit them? Are Europeans more apt to be scared of heights? I'm just curious, I think they deserve some talls as well.

Click to expand...

Building tall in Europe is always an issue, as planning restrictions are a nightmare. Given the chance, I'm sure Europeans would love to ride taller rollercoasters! It's just tricky for them to get built in the first place, as they are often perceived as an eyesore. 

There are some awesome rollercoasters in Europe, and American coaster enthusiasts are quite common over here, as I met some in Oakwood Park - a tiny theme park in rural Wales with only two 'coasters: http://www.rcdb.com/pd263.htmThe Ocean Park rollercoasters are weak. We went to ocean park last year and the lines were long as hell (like many amusement parks) but I was disappointed with the coasters. 

I'll stick with the dolphins.I left my <3 in HK

RIP Dopey - 9/2005 - 20/2/2008Mr_Denmark said:



A few from the world's oldest amusement park: Bakken

Located in a lush park in Northern Copenhagen









Click to expand...

HAha! Looks like theyre riding on a modified shopping cart!B O S T O NFASTEST ROLLERCOASTER IN EUROPE - FURIUS BACO - 
IN PORT AVENTURA, SPAIN 135 km/h in 3 seconds











On-ride and Valentino Rossi opens Furius Baco-onridewow, that one looks great!Click here to get the Worlds Supertall Lists​Wow . These are some serious rollercoasters kay:...Atlantic City, NJ Las Vegas, NV Sacramento, CA
Baltimore, MD Los Angeles, CA San Diego, CA
Boston, MA New York, NY Santa Barbara, CA
Camden, NJ Philadelphia, PA Washington, D.C.Cedar Point is my favorite..lucky me that I am right in between it and Kings Island. 

Top Thrill Dragster(similar to Kingda Ka) onride POV at night..when the coaster had a rollback!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylsj4BvnGB8&mode=related&search=



Millenium Force onride POV(back seat..lots of air time and very jerky)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xx8YUDQ30gE




Here is onride POV of the Kingda Ka which has already been discussed:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN8nv4tVFuA&mode=related&search=which country?SIngaporeNorth Korea. It has the cleanest air in the world.LuxembourgVisit my blog at www.normandb.comJapanSingapore, Germany, Swiss, Canada"Canada is the best country in the world" - Justin BieberJapan is very clean and orderly.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatBhutan

Tokolau
Kirabati
PitcairnA better definition of the word "cleanest" ?

Clean streets?
Clean atmosphere?
Clean sea and lakes?
Unpolluted ground?"Τας δε αρετάς λαμβάνομεν ενεργήσαντες πρότερον , ώσπερ και επί των άλλων τεχνών"
ΑΡΙΣΤΟΤΕΛΗΣ Ηθ. Νικ. 1103 α 20-35Not the Netherlands, which i find quite dirty. People dumping their trash anywhere.Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player. That struts and frets his hour upon the stage. And then is heard no more: it is a tale. Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.Skaros said:



A better definition of the word "cleanest" ?

Clean streets?
Clean atmosphere?
Clean sea and lakes?
Unpolluted ground?

Click to expand...

Or per capita emissions, etc.

The 4 least clean countries based on per capita CO2 emmitions are:
The United States
Australia
New Zealand
Canada909 said:



Not the Netherlands, which i find quite dirty. People dumping their trash anywhere.

Click to expand...

Netherlands, the dog shit capital of the world. It's everywhere.Netherlands, where everbody complains about it and nobody takes care about it...Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player. That struts and frets his hour upon the stage. And then is heard no more: it is a tale. Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.defenetly Singapore.Hànội 河內 another 1000 years 
​​SingaporeRECIFE - BRASILMelbourne..i don't even want to start saying why! My list would go on foreverSweden of course!Since when is Melbourne a country? :weirdo:Zo kraait den boer z'n haantjewell singapore just cheats...it's only one city...(anyone can keep a tiny island clean) :runaway:i can only imagineGreenlandEr gaat niets boven 050.
SVDB Youtube channelKL's SMART Tunnel:


The SMART Project Tunnel is about 9.7 km long and has internal diameter of 11.83 m. The SMART integrates both stormwater management and a motorway in the same tunnel.  

The Stormwater Management Component comprises of the diversion structure, a holding basin, a bypass tunnel, a storage resevoir and the twin box culvert and an outlet structure. The total storage capacity for SMART system is 3 million m3. The existing ponds at Kg. Berembang and Taman Desa will be utilized as holding basin and storage reservoir. 

The motorway will consist of a 3 km double deck structure within bypass tunnel with ingress and egress connection links at both ends of the structure. The ingress and egress connection to the motorway Tunnel Linking KL - Seremban Highway to Jalan Sultan Ismail and Jalan Tun Razak. 

The motorway consist of four ventilation and emergency escape shafts at about 1 km intervals and cross passages at 250 m intervals along the motorway tunnel. 

A flood detection system and control and surveillance team will be incorporate in the overall SMART system to effectively integrate and manage both stormwater and traffic.  

Teh operation of the SMART system works on three principal mode operation based on the relationship between flood discharge at the Sg. Klang / Sg. Ampang confluence and the operations status of the motorway. The river water stages and river discharge will be monitored via hydrological stations along the rivers. 

The flood discharge will only be diverted into the bypass tunnel when it exceeds 70 cumecs. For flood discharge between 70 to 150 cumecs, the motorway will still be open to traffic. The motorway will only be closed when the flood discharge exceeds 150 cumecs for the full stormwater operation of the SMART, which is expected once or twice a year.  

The reinstatement from stormwater to motorway operation will be initiated when the flood discharge recedes to 70 cumecs. The reinstatement process will take about 4 days and this involves cleaning up and reinstalling all portable equipment to full operation mode.SMART Facts... 


WHO:	Government of Malaysia – Department of Drainage and Irrigation Malaysia, Malaysian Highway Authority	
WHAT:	The longest tunnel project in Malaysia. One of its kind dual-purpose tunnel project incorporating stormwater and motorway	
WHERE:	9.7 km tunnel spanning across the city centre of Kuala Lumpur	
WHEN:	Construction began in January 2003, Scheduled completion is December 2006	
WHY:	First, for flood mitigation, second as a means of reducing traffic congestion between the Southern Gateway and the city centreSPECIAL FEATURE 
















The unique feature of this project is the 3 km double-deck motorway within the stormwater tunnel. The operation of the SMART system works on the three- principle mode of operation based on the flood discharge at the Klang River/ Ampang River confluence and the operation status of the motorway.
















The first mode, under normal condition where there is no storm or low rainfall, no flood water will be diverted into the system.Under the second mode, SMART system will be activated and this happens when there is moderate storm.
















When the second mode is activated, flood water is diverted into the bypass tunnel in the lower channel of the motorway tunnel and it is important to note, that, up to this stage, the motorway section is still open to traffic.

At the third mode of operation the motorway will be closed to traffic. With extensive and effective monitoring stations, when the third mode of operation is needed, the motorway will be closed to traffic. Sufficient time will be allocated to allow the last vehicle to exit the motorway before the automated water-tight gates are opened to allow flood water to pass through. The motorway will be reopened to traffic within 48 hours after the closure. 

Tunnel Safety
Ventilation/ escape shafts at 1km intervals: these powerful air ventilators will constantly renew the air and maintain the air quality within the motorway. To protect the ventilation system during the flooding, the systems consist of a series of shafts each containing an exhaust and fresh air injector. This design enables the fans to be situated outside the SMART tunnel to create a longitudinal flow in the tunnel between the shafts that permits the air in the tunnel to be continuously renewed and to enable extraction of the exhaust fumes. The feature also allows for smoke control in the event of a fire. 

Equipped with fire fighting, telecommunication and surveillance equipment at 1 km interval.

SMART SYSTEM

SMART is an acronym for Stormwater Management and Road Tunnel, a project under the Federal Government initiated to alleviate the flooding problem in the city centre of Kuala Lumpur. The project is implemented through a joint venture pact between MMC Berhad and Gamuda Berhad with the Department of Irrigation And Drainage Malaysia and the Malaysian Highway Authority as the executing government agencies.GEMILANG ACHIEVES FIRST AND MAJOR MILESTONE… 





























SMART’S second tunnel boring machine, Gemilang achieved its first milestone at the South Junction box breakthrough on 4 June, 2005

Gemilang which started boring in August has covered a distance of 1822m and 1067 rings with another 2127m to go before the final breakthrough at the storage reservoir in Taman Desa in the South of the alignment.

The machine will be walked through the shaft for about 89m before it resumes boring works early July, 2005.

SMART is primarily a flood mitigation project with a second objection of providing an alternative traffic dispersal system between the Southern gateway and the city centre. Overall construction progress is at 51%.

SMART will see full completion in December 2006| Progress as of 30th June 2005Great project!!!!

This is really awesome.....Structural works at MS02 U-section completed










Concreting of upper deck panel ending 675m from North Ventilation Shaft in progress on 30/08/05-delete-http://www.flickr.com/photos/[email protected]/8466229764/Floods trigger closure of Smart Tunnel
Bernama
September 11, 2020 00:16 am +08









Floods trigger closure of Smart Tunnel


KUALA LUMPUR (Sept 10): A heavy downpour this afternoon caused the closure of the SMART Highway to traffic to enable the activation of the flood system, followed by the release of flood water into the SMART Tunnel reservoir system.According to a statement by Syarikat Mengurus Air Banjir &...




www.theedgemarkets.comCredit to GamudaRussia Hopes to Become Major Oil Supplier 
Russia Laying Infrastructure to Sell More Oil to Asia, Diplomat Says 
Tuesday April 24, 4:49 am ET 

MANILA, Philippines (AP) -- Russia is laying the infrastructure to become a major oil supplier to Asian countries, including an ambitious pipeline being built from Siberia to the Pacific coast, a Russian diplomat said Tuesday. 

Russia is also considering discussions with Philippine energy officials about proposals to build an oil refinery and storage facilities in the Philippines that could serve Southeast Asia, Russian Ambassador Vitaly Vorobiev said.

Southeast Asian countries have expressed interest in Russia's plans to become an important energy provider in the region and Moscow should carefully plan how it could assume that crucial role, Vorobiev told foreign correspondents.

"The countries of Southeast Asia ... they're waiting for further explanation of Russian intentions," Vorobiev said. "There should be some kind of concept how to position Russia in this respect.

"We didn't pay much attention to this area and we started to change our mind-set only in 1990s," he said.

Russia would be interested not only in "buy and sell operations" but could invest in oil refineries and storage.

Many energy-hungry Asian economies have long been dependent on Middle Eastern oil, but fears of supply disruptions due to sporadic conflicts in the volatile region have prodded countries like the Philippines to turn to possible alternative sources like Russia.

An ambitious project, involving the construction of an oil pipeline from Siberia to Russia's Pacific coast, could bring larger volumes of oil -- possibly at cheaper prices -- to Asian countries, Vorobiev said.

Backed by the Kremlin, the 4,100-kilometer (2,550-mile) pipeline, could be completed in three to four years, he said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatThat's good, but
1. Always post a link to news.
2. You posting too much of news. There is no necessary to copypast here nearly every news article.A lot of the articles I post are not from internet sources. This one, in particular, comes from a newswire terminal, hence there is no such thing as a 'link' per se. The sourcing (AP) is already embedded in the article as part of the standard newswire heading.

From a geopolitical perspective, there has been a lot of lobbying between Russia and China and Japan to source oil from the resource-rich Russian Far East. Also note the Bering Strait tunnel proposal as well.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatRussia To Decide On Intl Oil Trade Exch In Jan-Official-Tass 
25 December 2007

NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--The Russian Ministry of Economic Development and Trade hopes that the government will make a decision on the creation of an international oil exchange in January, Denis Askinadze, director of the ministry's department for state tariff regulation and infrastructure reforms said at a news conference on Tuesday, Itar-Tass reported. 

International oil trade will be developing, he said. A package of constituent documents has already been drafted, according to Itar-Tass. 

"In January, the government is expected to define its position regarding the establishment of the oil exchange and its funding by companies with state participation," Askinadze said, according to Itar-Tass. 

The exchange's business plan has already been developed, too. A relevant joint venture will be registered, most probably, in January-March 2008, Prime Tass economic news agency said, adding that in April-June, the exchange will receive a license and form a chartered capital. 

The government can make a decision on the participation of public companies in the exchange's charter capital and send related directives to its representatives in the Board of Directors of those companies, Askinadze said. 

Transneft, Gazprom and Rosneft are among the companies that can be engaged in the oil exchange capital, he said. The New York Mercantile Exchange (NMX) has also expressed an interest in the new project. In addition to this, other big private companies have received the relevant invitations, according to Itar-Tass. 

Each participant in the exchange will hold no more than a 10% stake in the charter capital, he added. 

The trading in Russia's REBCO futures may start in next year's October-December. "The oil exchange is expected to become a powerful participant in the international trade in three year," Askinadze said, Itar-Tass reported.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatBP CEO says Russia's oil production has likely peaked; headed for steady decline 
29 October 2008

LONDON (AP) - Robert Dudley, chief executive of oil company TNK-BP, said Wednesday that Russia's oil production has likely reached its peak and is now headed for a slow decline, due in part to lack of investment.

Dudley, who will leave TNK-BP in early December after a long-running dispute between shareholders of the Anglo-Russian joint venture, said oil production had probably touched a high in August.

"There isn't going to be a precipitous decline. It's very mature oil fields and there'll probably be a gentle decline as we move on," Dudley told reporters on the sidelines of the annual Oil and Money conference in London.

"But I believe we are ... at the top of a broad curve or cycle right now until other things happen."

Dudley also said that while the oil industry was strong globally, Russia faced particular problems, notably the decline of some production as West Siberian oil fields mature.

Russia is the largest oil producer outside of OPEC and declining production is bad news for a resource-based economy where revenues from the oil industry account for about 25 percent of gross domestic product.

Dudley said the decline, a consequence of lower investment over the past five years, would last "some time."

"The onshore oil renaissance is over," he said, adding that Russia needed to shift its focus to potential reserves in other parts of Siberia and the Arctic offshore to sustain long-term growth.

But investment in those remote areas, which are difficult to access and have little existing infrastructure, is likely to prove difficult in the straightened funding environment created by the global credit crunch, he said.

Dudley added that the tax regime in Russia, one of the toughest in the world for oil producers, would not aid the necessary investment.

He noted that Gazprom and Rosneft, the two state-owned companies that are the country's major oil producers, had around $60 billion in debt at the start of the year.

"There are clouds on the horizon, and they are serious," he said.

Dudley said that TNK-BP, one of the country's largest oil producers, was on track for a record year, but added that it would also follow the wider industry trend.

He said the company has faced a "perfect storm" of events thanks to the fallout of the credit crisis -- Russian stock prices have plunged in recent weeks -- and the long-running dispute between Britain's BP PLC and a consortium of Russian billionaires, AAR.

He declined to comment in detail on the progress of a memorandum of understanding between the 50-50 joint venture partners that was tentatively agreed to in July, saying only that it sustained that 50-50 ownership structure and included some independent board directors.

"I think it will be successful, but they are still in the process of concluding the language," he said.

Dudley is leaving the company after BP agreed in August under pressure from AAR to nominate a new CEO. A Moscow judge earlier this month overturned a court order barring the U.S.-born executive from working in Russia for two years.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatRussia sees no Estonian fuel oil transit by 2011 

MOSCOW, June 26 (Reuters) - Russia maintains the goal of ceasing railroad fuel oil exports via Estonia after it launches its own terminal in Ust-Luga on the Baltic Sea, Russia's Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov said on Friday.

"The first fuel oil terminal in Ust-Luga is expected to be completed toward the end of 2009," Interfax news agency quoted Ivanov as saying.

"As soon as the first fuel oil cargoes start sailing from Ust-Luga, we will start reducing rail supplies of fuel oil to Estonia. And we will cease them completly one year later", he added.

Russia, which has had tense political relations with Estonia since mid-1990s over what Moscow describes as unequal treatment of the Russian speaking population, has repeatedly warned it would shut down products exports via Estonia.

Flows however continue while crude and products transit via the neighbouring Latvia and Lithuania have been severely reduced over the past years.

In March Switzerland-based oil trader Gunvor said it had acquired Ust-Luga oil products terminal. 

Ust-Luga, near Russia's second largest city of St Petersburg, will become one of the world's largest rail-based export terminals for oil products, able to handle almost one fifth of Russia's total petroleum products exports.

Russia also plans to expand its crude oil pipelines to the Baltic Sea and build a new terminal in Ust-Luga. It will be able to carry 30 million tonnes of crude oil a year, or 6 percent of Russia's output last year. The route is scheduled for completion in the third quarter of 2012.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatAug 20, 2018
Reuters
Russia's Transneft fully pays off $10 billion Chinese loan

MOSCOW - Russian oil pipeline monopoly Transneft (TRNF_p.MM) has fully paid a $10 billion loan from China ahead of schedule and has repaid $1.5 billion worth of eurobond debt last month, its head, Nikolai Tokarev, said in an interview with Expert magazine.

In the interview, published on Transneft’s website on Monday, Tokarev said that the company had fully redeemed the Chinese loan in July, 10 years ahead of the initial schedule.

Separately, Russian news agencies cited him as saying that the company has no more debt denominated in foreign currency.

Transneft, under U.S. sanctions over Moscow’s role in Ukraine’s crises, obtained the 20-year loan in 2009 from the China Development Bank as part of a package together with Russia’s largest oil producer Rosneft, which got $15 billion in loans in return for supplies from huge new East Siberian oilfields.

Since then, China has become Russia’s single largest buyer of oil thanks to a pipeline to the Pacific shore, securing supplies of more than 1 million barrels per day, as part of Moscow’s plans to diversify its markets.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatВ Тагиле в районе муринских прудов нашли нефть!
http://invest-tagil.ruTrump considering sanctions over Russia's Nord Stream 2 natgas pipeline
Excerpt

WASHINGTON, June 12 (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he was considering sanctions over Russia's Nord Stream 2 natural gas pipeline project -- which the United States has told European companies to avoid -- and warned Germany against being dependent on Russia for the fuel.

"We're protecting Germany from Russia and Russia is getting billions and billions of dollars from Germany," Trump told reporters at an appearance with Polish President Andrzej Duda at the White House.

Nord Stream 2, a 760-mile (1,225-km) pipeline project to ship gas from Russia under the Baltic Sea to Germany, would double the capacity of the existing Nord Stream pipeline and has divided the European Union.

Eastern European, Nordic and Baltic Sea countries see the pipeline as increasing Moscow's economic grip on Europe. But many politicians and energy companies in Germany support Nord Stream 2 because the country, Europe's biggest economy, needs steady gas supplies as it seeks to wean itself off of coal and nuclear power.

More : https://www.reuters.com/article/us-...s-nord-stream-2-natgas-pipeline-idUSKCN1TD267World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatLike that is ever going to happen!Turkey, Russia launch TurkStream pipeline carrying gas to Europe 
Jan 8, 2020
Excerpt

ISTANBUL (Reuters) - The presidents of Turkey and Russia on Wednesday formally launched the TurkStream pipeline which will carry Russian natural gas to southern Europe through Turkey, part of Moscow’s efforts to reduce shipments via Ukraine.

The pipeline project, stretching 930 km (580 miles) across the Black Sea, reinforces strong energy ties between Moscow and Ankara, which have also increased defense cooperation after Turkey bought advanced Russian missile defenses last year.

Russia and Turkey are also coordinating military deployments in northeast Syria, although they back opposing sides in the conflict in Syria’s northwestern Idlib region and also in the battle for control of Libya.

More : https://www.reuters.com/article/us-...pipeline-carrying-gas-to-europe-idUSKBN1Z71WPWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatPoland may fine Gazprom over Nord Stream 2 pipeline case
June 3, 2020
Excerpt

WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland’s UOKiK watchdog may fine Russian gas producer Gazprom (GAZP.MM) up to 50 million euros ($56 million) due to a lack of cooperation in anti-monopoly proceedings related to the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project, UOKiK said on Wednesday.

UOKiK said in 2018 it charged six companies, including one owned by Gazprom, with financing construction of the pipeline without a legally required permit. It said that in early 2020 Gazprom failed to provide documents relating to the case.

“Gazprom cannot operate above the law and, for that reason, I have initiated proceedings against the company to impose a fine for failure to provide information during the pending investigation,” UOKiK President Tomasz Chrostny said in a statement.

Poland sees Nord Stream 2, which would double Russia’s gas export capacity via the Baltic Sea, as a threat to Europe’s energy security, saying it will strengthen Gazprom’s already dominant position on the market.

More : Poland may fine Gazprom over Nord Stream 2 pipeline caseWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatU.S. senators move to tighten sanctions on delayed Russia-to-Germany gas pipeline 
June 4, 2020
Excerpt

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators announced a bill on Thursday expanding sanctions on Russia’s Nord Stream 2 natural gas pipeline and targeting the project Washington says will boost Moscow’s economic and political influence in Germany and other European countries.

The Protecting Europe’s Energy Security Clarification Act follows legislation signed by President Donald Trump last year, which prompted Swiss-Dutch company Allseas to halt undersea work, delaying the project.

Two Russian-owned pipe-laying vessels may now finish the remaining 100 miles (160 km) of the project, which is led by state-run Gazprom. The pipeline could be launched by late 2020 or early next year, Russian President Vladimir Putin has said.

The new legislation, spearheaded by Senators Ted Cruz, a Republican, and Jeanne Shaheen, a Democrat, could stop the project by expanding sanctions to include penalties on parties involved in pipe-laying activities and parties providing underwriting services, insurance or reinsurance on the project.

Cruz said it “makes clear those involved with vessels installing the pipeline will face crippling and immediate sanctions.”

More : U.S. senators move to tighten sanctions on delayed Russia-to-Germany gas pipelineWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatUS senators take aim at German port over Russia pipeline 
Excerpt 
Aug 6, 2020

BERLIN (AP) — Three Republican senators have issued a dire warning to operators of a small German port, threatening them with “crushing” sanctions for allegedly providing supplies to Russian vessels involved in a pipeline project the United States vehemently opposes.

The letter sent late Wednesday by Sen. Ted Cruz, Sen. Tom Cotton and Sen. Ron Johnson targets Faehrhafen Sassnitz GmbH, which operates Mukran Port located in German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s constituency on the Baltic Sea island of Ruegen.

The port is a key staging post for ships involved in the construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that's intended to bring natural gas from Russia to Germany.

Last December, Switzerland-based Allseas, which operates ships laying sections of the undersea pipeline, suspended its work after U.S. President Donald Trump signed legislation threatening sanctions against companies linked to the project.

The United States and some Eastern European countries argue that the pipeline will increase Europe's dependence on Russia, a claim both Berlin and Moscow reject.

The three senators say their letter “serves as formal legal notice” that the port operator, its board members, corporate officers, shareholders, and employees risk “crushing legal and economic sanctions” unless they stop providing goods, services and support for the Nord Stream 2 project. This includes providing storage areas for the pipeline's steel sections and provisions for the Russian-flagged vessels Fortuna and Akademik Cherskiy.

More : US senators take aim at German port over Russia pipelineWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatUS senators threaten Germany's port town of Sassnitz over Nord Stream 2 gas project 
DW Excerpt
August 14, 2020

It smells of fried fish, the sun's reflection is glittering in the water and a few sailboats lazily amble along. It's still summer vacation in some German states, and here in Sassnitz on the Baltic Sea island of Rügen even more so. Even the mayor of the little town of 9,000 people is on holiday. Or he would be — if it wasn't for a threatening letter sent from the United States.

"It doesn't happen every day that Sassnitz moves from 0 to 100 in the world's political attention scale," says Frank Kracht, laughing. Then he immediately turns earnest again. "I must take these threats seriously. Because first and foremost, this is also about workers." 

He is talking about the employees of Fährhafen Sassnitz, the company that operates the local Port Mukran. It's the logistical hub for the completion of the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, which is to transport gas directly from Russia to Germany. A good 150 kilometers (93 miles) of the pipeline are still under construction.

In the letter to Sassnitz earlier this month, three Republican US senators — Ted Cruz of Texas, Tom Cotton of Arkansas and Ron Johnson of Wisconsin — threatened Port Mukran with "crushing" economic and legal sanctions if it continued to allow ships to be equipped for the pipeline project.

More : US senators threaten Germany's port town of Sassnitz over Nord Stream 2 gas project | DW | 14.08.2020World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatWintershall Dea CEO rejects U.S. sanctions bid on Nord Stream 2  

FRANKFURT, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Wintershall Dea, one of five western partners in the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project led by Russia’s Gazprom, rejects sanctions planned by the United States to discourage its completion, chief executive Mario Mehren said on Wednesday.

“We firmly believe that Nord Stream 2 will be completed and loans will be repaid as it is a project that is needed by Europe,” he said in a phone call with Reuters after presenting half-year results.

“We have seen that the project has been brought into a broader geopolitical framework that is threatening a number of industries and parties involved. We reject these as does the German government and the European Commission and a number of European countries,” he added. 

Source : Wintershall Dea CEO rejects U.S. sanctions bid on Nord Stream 2World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatGerman Town Fears Ruin by U.S. Effort to Stop Russian Pipeline
New York Times Excerpt
August 25, 2020

SASSNITZ, Germany — Sitting on the Baltic Sea, the small eastern German town of Sassnitz has been working for years to revive its enormous port, including taking on a role supporting a Russian pipeline being laid offshore to deliver natural gas to Germany.

But the port, one of the last great infrastructure projects undertaken by the former East Germany, now finds itself caught up in a geopolitical competition between the United States and Russia, a clash that local officials and residents say is threatening the town and region with economic ruin.

At issue are so-called secondary sanctions being proposed by powerful U.S. senators to target companies doing business with Russia and the Kremlin-controlled gas giant Gazprom to finish the pipeline, Nord Stream 2, which is 94 percent complete.

More : German Town Fears Ruin by U.S. Effort to Stop Russian PipelineWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatCalls mount for Germany to rethink Nord Stream 2 after Navalny poisoning 
Excerpt 
Sept 3, 2020

BERLIN (Reuters) - A European response that involves the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline is needed against Russia after the poisoning of Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny with a Soviet-style Novichok nerve agent, some politicians and diplomats in Germany said on Thursday.

Chancellor Angela Merkel said she expected Moscow to join efforts to clear up what happened and that Germany would consult its NATO allies about how to respond, raising the prospect of new Western sanctions on Russia.

“There must be a European response,” Norbert Roettgen, head of Germany’s parliamentary foreign affairs committee, told Deutschlandfunk radio on Thursday, when asked whether work on the NordStream 2 pipeline from Russia to Germany should stop. 

More : Calls mount for Germany to rethink Nord Stream 2 after Navalny poisoningWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatNo need to bring politics to the threadcoth said:



No need to bring politics to the thread

Click to expand...

dear coth, you should be a supermoderatorGondola lift long 9 km long on mountain Zlatibor(golden pine) in western Serbia,SiiickGreat, air spa, ski center, hiking and horseback riding trails ... a pearl in Southeast Europe where you can invest in real estate and rent well:dance: Yes, sometimes your city blocks some roads to repair them. But, how frequent do they do that to the roads in your city? Answer in the poll above.Makati, mahalin natin, atin ito
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Makati/
http://http://www.makaticity.com/population/almost every year on major streets. depends on the condition of the road.Oh. Here in Makati, sometimes they do. I just keep up on the news if there are some road repairs in our city. They even do it in some parts of EDSA!Makati, mahalin natin, atin ito
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Makati/
http://http://www.makaticity.com/population/Of course,never miss EDSA in road repairs;it will be man's worst nightmare if not. :lol:I don't really visit every portion of Manila,but there are road repairs sometimes,too.I expect more road repairs since Isko Moreno is our vice mayor again.But my paternal grandparents' street was made higher for no damn reason.So their house will be flooded if ever.Okay, thesmartboy.Makati, mahalin natin, atin ito
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Makati/
http://http://www.makaticity.com/population/Are the others gonna vote?Makati, mahalin natin, atin ito
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Makati/
http://http://www.makaticity.com/population/Always. Sometimes it's just not necessary.Belo Horizonte & Outskirts August 2013 Update AvailableRarely if it all. Road conditions are so bad down here, that some car manufacturers won't even put a warranty on their suspensions.It all depends upon the condition of road. I expect at least the major or main roads should be repaired frequently.so that we can get rid of hectic traffic.Deleted.They never stop, actually. 

OK, now really - it's pretty often in Serbia during whole year except in winter, of course; winter reparations are more or less extorted and they are usually reduced to urgent basic repairs. The most intense, however, in spring, due to increased damage from topdressing of salt, sand, and mixture called "rizla" (low-quality minerals) in combination with water and icing. This produce serious chemical and mechanical damage on road surfaces.We have an awful roads here in Russia cause they hadn't been repaired back in 90's. So now we have to do repairs every summer(and autumn) but it's still not enough. Poor quality of repairs(because of corruption) makes it even worse.
Well, we have relatively good roads here in Yekaterinburg.https://www.google.com/url?q=http:/...ds-cse&usg=AFQjCNGkBfHVwgN8OjMMRHgJFSd1hpYyDwFIFA World Cup 2018 RUSSIA thread
2018 FIFA World Cup Stadium Ekaterinburg threadBelow is just a very small example of the road issues in my area. Keep in mind this road is only 5-10 years old and in a suburban neighborhood, so it has very little traffic. The Yazoo clay is to blame for road infrastructure problems which so frequently occur . In the city of Jackson itself, its is three times this bad on all streets minor and major. The interstate and frontage roads remain in perfect condition. It comes down to not having the money to repair the streets . As a capital city Jackson does not even have the money to sweep the streets and interstates for rocks,metal,etc. resulting in every resident having "knicked" windshields . So essentially the roads here have only been repaired a few times since they were built.

Do not get me started on the water system..OT so I will not .American^^ If that's asphalt, why they don't use concrete?I would say that roads n Rīga is quite okay. Especially when compared to the rest of the country. The main problem is the ultra low quality of minor repairs (bad tarmac after pipeline repairs). But the total repairs on main streets and intersections are not frequent enough. I guess it's usually about 10 years or so between tarmac renewals. For example - Salu bridge (due to be repaired this year, new tarmac in 2005):









Quite many streets (including a section of the main Brīvības street (in the picture)) are cobblestone so no worries about potholes there:Now that you're asking, i searched a little bit on this about Lisbon.

In the last few years, i think the City Hall spend on average 6.5 million euro/year and repaired about 200 roads each year. 

Even so, it's estimated that would be necessary constant funding for at least half a decade with the same average to repair all the roads. So i would say this is a constant fight that is far from over. 

Unfortunately, because of the crisis, i think the City Hall's budget for 2014 will cut the spending on the repairment of streets and viaducts to about 4 million.

So i voted sometimes, because the level of road repairing should be increased, at least to improve all roads to an excellent level. Then, yes, the level should be less constant.Zack Fair said:



^^ If that's asphalt, why they don't use concrete?

Click to expand...

Cost. As much as they have paid for upkeep of the street in the years they could have just as well started with concrete.AmericanHere, in Tucson, we have some of the worst roads in the country, and before long, you know which paths to take to traverse the newly paved ones, and stay off the others. I'm retired, don't work, and I live in an idyllic area of Tucson where I can bike to 2 big grocery stores, and there's 12 restaurants within walking distance, so the poor road conditions don't really effect me very much.New thread for the Chinatowns around the world.INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayCHINATOWN SAN FRANCISCO




Chinatown San Francisco is one of the most known chinatowns in the world. Though its fame must have been acquired because its geographical place inside the city, it also has a unique charm because of the way they adapted the chinese culture and architecture to those of San Francisco and the West Coast. Far beyond its historical importance, I’m convinced that the fame it has on the new generations has its origins in the action movies, some of them very famous. My experience in the Downtown and Chinatown was very quick (just a few hours), but I found a very cool shop for collectors with very high-quality airplanes, World War 2 toys, and other very unique stuff for sale that I personally love.INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 Uruguay^^


On HD:INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguaySão Paulo#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”CHINATOWN BUENOS AIRES




Just in front of the Belgrano R Railway Station of the Mitre Line is the Chinatown of Buenos Aires, probably one of the prettiest and cleanest Chinatowns in the world. On one side, the chinese community adapted themselves pretty good to the already existing neighborhoods of english, german, and italian houses. On the other hand, this Chinatown evolved aesthetically over the decades with the new furniture, the street art who united the private buildings and the streets, and the new epic door in front of the railway station.INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayINTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 Uruguay(edit)INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayI think you get a point thepiratebays.soThe Greater Toronto Area is home to 537,060 people of Chinese heritage.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_Canadians
There are four Chinatowns in the GTA, and some estimates put that figure at 6. My favourite is the old fashioned one downtown. 
This was what I posted in a thread four years ago about that old Chinatown:




Taller said:



Today had a bike ride through the old Chinatown here in downtown Toronto, and stopped for lunch. 



















Hmmmmm.... what shall I have? 




























or maybe.....










but I had my heart set on the shrimps sautéed in garlic. Should have asked for them 
very spicy, and then they would have been perfect. But, they were delicious:










Was tempted by the advertising, but too early for a beer:



















a bit more China town, and some of the many Vietnamese places there, too:




































Click to expand...“Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.” 
My Life Thus Far.... Toronto and beyondGreat photosWeb Hosting Offersjhon66 said:



Great photos

Click to expand...

I never would have thought that Buenos Aires would have a Chinatown. Sao Paulo doesn't surprise me in the least!Post the Taxis in your country here!!

Here are Hong Kong's









Typical types of taxi








Taxi for wheelchair 








Toyota Prius








Chinese Car manufacturer BYD's Electric Taxi'










Potential Ford's model in the future









Potential Nissan's model in the future> flickr
>> Minneapolis | Manila | CebuIndiaA chain is only as strong as it's weakest link.Moscow-What are you doing here?
-It's a free country, isn't it?
-Well it isn't a free shop, is it? So **** off!


Не надо ставить России вопрос ребром, а то она поставит вам ребро вопросом. ©​Melbourne:









And another, hehe:The nail that sticks out gets hammered down.^^Was this the result of an argument over the taxi fare?Danish Taxis




































The taxis comes in all colours and usual have commercials on them... in the cities it's normalle full size or Luxury Mercedes models, in the rural parts it's SUV's and mini bussesFREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​Expensive European Taxi's... mmm

&&> flickr
>> Minneapolis | Manila | CebuI accidentally caught a non-Mercedes Taxi today... 

Chrysler 300CFREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​in buenos aires:


















a classical corner taxi in bs as :lol:...Divididos desde siempre, desde el aula hasta el bar...​More from Buenos Aires:Provincias Patagónicas [Neuquén] [Río Negro] [Chubut] [Santa Cruz] [Tierra del Fuego, Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sud]Some São Paulo taxis:A virtude do bem viver está nos princípios morais​Conheça SPCity's Architect said:



Post the Taxis in your country here!!

Here are Hong Kong's

























Click to expand...

@city's architect, can you explain why Hong Kong has 3 taxis with different colors?Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything​ 
San Fernando City and La Union Province​Silly Danish! Gotta love 'em

Here are some Dutch taxis:























































This last pic also has a very funny taxi in it heheh. I don't know which wierdo it belongs to, but he sure attracts attention!

You'll mostly find luxury Mercedes cars as Dutch taxis as you can see from the pics. Other very common cars are SUV's and luxury vans, but I couldn't find any pics.

Chrysler cars also seem to be a hot item nowadays. You'll find lots of 300C's in Amsterdam, where I live. It's just bloody hard to get some decent taxi pics.

You'll also find some other brands like Volvo or Saab, but always the executive editions.Venezia, ItalyURBANFILETimstam001 said:



Silly Danish! Gotta love 'em

Here are some Dutch taxis:























































This last pic also has a very funny taxi in it heheh. I don't know which wierdo it belongs to, but he sure attracts attention!

You'll mostly find luxury Mercedes cars as Dutch taxis as you can see from the pics. Other very common cars are SUV's and luxury vans, but I couldn't find any pics.

Chrysler cars also seem to be a hot item nowadays. You'll find lots of 300C's in Amsterdam, where I live. It's just bloody hard to get some decent taxi pics.

You'll also find some other brands like Volvo or Saab, but always the executive editions.

Click to expand...


Denmark must be a filthy rich country to have luxury mercedez as taxis!PAKISTAN ZINDABAAD!​oogabooga said:



Denmark must be a filthy rich country to have luxury mercedez as taxis!

Click to expand...

 Well, thanks 

But the pics and person you quoted are Dutch as in from the Netherlands 


But we are kinda the same economically, politically, visually and taxi-ally 


They have a bit more highrises and people, we have a few more islands and Greenland... :cheers:


These were the Danish ones:








As said they come in all colours of the rainbow, typically with one commercial theme covering the carFREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​The famous british taxi known as a Black cab or Hackney Carriage:^ That's a classic! They even use the new model in the states now!


A few more from DenmarkFREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​!!! I'll add only constructions... !!!


I saw the media writing about Turkey as europe's China many times and finally I realized that this is not exaggerated. I just compare Turkey of 2006 to Turkey of 2000 and I realize we are well on the way to the top.
In 2000 we couldn't even dream about projects which get realized now and all that happened in 5 years!




Just some statistics of the last years...


















































and then there are transport projects such as....

Turksih highspeed train newtork: All lines will be completed at the end of 2008 (in expection of the Izmir line which will take more time)







































Turkey already bought 10 sets of spanish made HS-train ( 250 km/h max. speed) They will be used between Ankara-Eskisehir which will be opened in October 2006.










The production of korean-turkish made highspeed trains will start in 2007.The factory is under construction right now(located in Eskisehir, near Ankara)
Max. speed 350 km/h. They will be used on every line and they will be produced also for foreign markets! (I guess spanish CAFs are just provisional.)
































In the last 3 years 6000 km of highway has been built!The number will increase to 15.000 km.Still much construction!























All major airports has been replaced/ are being replaced by new ones.

Ankara Esenboga Airport:






















Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport:




















Opening of Terminal 2 in Antalya (total cap 22 million)































Dalaman Airport:











































Sabiha Gökcen Airport:





















then there such urban transportation project...

Istanbul Marmaray: A 80 km long metro construction crossing the bosphorus under the water.Deepest tube ever!













































































Izmir is adding 80 km of new metro line to its system too






































Ankara is expanding its network by 61 km
























































Bursa is expanding too.






































Adana:































Kayseri is building a LRT system:











































they will use the same vehicles as i Athens:














Then we've got private investors such as...

Dubai towers:










Diamond of Istanbul:










Mecidiyeköy:










Maslak Rezidans:









Europe's biggest aquarium:















































Ankara's new fair: 4 new skyscrapers, a new football stadium and many modern lowrises.










They showed these "forum" project at German Vox some days ago and said that they can't build such projects in Germany because of the weather  Pitty 

CMD Turkmall is going to build 7 open air malls in Turkey and ze germans are so fascinated about these projects! :cheers: Kampfy!

Ankara:











Izmir:



















The gulf bridge has been approved too! 3,2 km long! World's longest suspension bridge!









and there are MANY more that I can't post! It would take me days to post them here!!!FENERBAHCEM SEN COK YASA!!!!
Canim feda olsun sanaaa....
hickimseye degisilmeez...
senin sevginnnn....
bu dünya'da!!Impressive. Especially this 6000 km of highways in only 3 years. Who built them - state or private invenstors? Are they all 'true' highways i.e. at least 2x2 lanes with highway junctions? How achieving such tempo was possible? Are they toll-free?messiah would know it better
you pay for a highway in Turkey


and this is the 2*2 new road project








^^^
this one is in Siirt
http://www.properties-in-europe.com/images/Turkey.gif
no 67

and this is Highway
Tarsus-Adana-GaziAntep Motorway/Highway - SOUTH-EASTERN TURKEY























































http://www.properties-in-europe.com/images/Turkey.gif
no 59-62International titles of Galatasaray SK
UEFA Europa League (1): 2000
UEFA Super Cup (1): 2000

ULEB Eurocup (1): 2016

FIBA EuroLeague Women (1): 2014
FIBA EuroCup Women (2): 2009, 2018

IWBF Champions Cup (5): 2008, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2014
IWBF André Vergauwen Cup (2): 2017, 2018
IWBF Intercontinental Cup (4): 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012

EJU Golden League (1): 2014Beautiful and impressive. 
If you see all these things together looks a bit magalomane now and then.comrade7 said:



Impressive. Especially this 6000 km of highways in only 3 years. Who built them - state or private invenstors? Are they all 'true' highways i.e. at least 2x2 lanes with highway junctions? How achieving such tempo was possible? Are they toll-free?

Click to expand...

There are tow types of roads. Once the motorways which have 2x3 lanes and they are not toll free.The speed limit is 130 km/h on motowways



















and once the express ways which are 2x2 and toll free.The speed limit is 110 km/h on express ways. We call them "duble yol" double lane roads in Turkey.













some current express way construction:FENERBAHCEM SEN COK YASA!!!!
Canim feda olsun sanaaa....
hickimseye degisilmeez...
senin sevginnnn....
bu dünya'da!!Turkey also has the human capital growing, They will add another 25million Turks to their population by the year 2050. Turkey will have close to 100 million people by then and if current trends continue its economy does have the potential to be on par with Spain's in a couple of decades.

Canada export web site (a gov of Canada site), is encouraging Canadians to Invest in Turkey. Turkey apparently at the moment being offers the highest return in all of europe per invested dollar.Hmm last time I checked it was located in Asia....


Nice pics and renderings btw!FREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​Mr_Denmark said:



Hmm last time I checked it was located in Asia....


Nice pics and renderings btw!

Click to expand...


The Canadian Government views them as European on their Canexport siteMr_Denmark said:



Hmm last time I checked it was located in Asia....


Nice pics and renderings btw!

Click to expand...

Both. 5% Europe, 95% Asia. According to CeBit's naming convention it is in Eurasia, which is pretty much correct.

Also, I doubt that the high growth rate in the population will continue. Unfortunately much of that growth right now is due to the uneducated rural population relying on their children as their retirement plans, so the more they make the better. 

As the agricultural sector in Turkey will shrink (which is pretty much inevitable) and education becomes more widespread, that mindset will slowly fade as well. More people will change to the services and production sectors, resulting in smaller families, so if a "typical" rural family right now includes 4 or 5 people in it's nucleus, that number will drop to 3 at most.

I would say that Turkey will count 90 million people at most in 2050.Don't you think Mr Denmark knows that 5% of Turkey is on the european continent! His aim was something different  It's something cool to cross the continents everyday  europe-asia asia-europe hehe!FENERBAHCEM SEN COK YASA!!!!
Canim feda olsun sanaaa....
hickimseye degisilmeez...
senin sevginnnn....
bu dünya'da!!TAV Takes 'Finance Oscar' for “Best Airport Infrastructure in Europe”

The Turkish airport operating and management consortium, Tepe-Akfen (TAV), won an EMEA award, known as the “Finance Oscar” presented to the most successful finance projects.

The company was presented the award for “Best Airport Infrastructure in Europe” for its Ankara Esenboga Airport project.

Giving TAV the title becoming the first Turkish company to be awarded for the most successful finance project in Project International published by EuroMoney business magazine.

(Ref: Zaman Online)

New Ankara International airport will be completed and start functioning this year.(° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Architects have unique dreams. Fortunately, engineers have unique solutions...​
..
ANKARA - THE CAPITAL of TURKEY​Why is this in Citytalk?

I'd normally lock it, but its a good thread:drool:Livin' la Vida Neoyorquina​Aye, Tubey good decision. But I'd say NO!!

China is Asia's Turkey!! I live in a city with a large Turkish community, seat of the Bank of Turkey and with all my experience, and now as a sometime consumer of Made in China produce, I can only say I much favour Turkey. Many brand name cars, TVs etc are manufactured in Turkey, and last longer than the Chinese imports. Remigration of former workforce from Germany must be particularly important for Turkey. Turkey's main cities are rather modern. The level of freedom in Istanbul is unmatched in China, perhaps the entire of Asia. Some of the worst wines I've tasted were from Turkey though.Cultural benefits of the Glorious Fox TV Londonturkey is a big country with lots of human resources, all these projects are something that turkey needs and should have had years ago.
progress and development should be first priority for turkey.
i hope we will see many more nice projects and i hope that the goverment of my country will take an example from turkey and start developing cyprus too.(political issues have nothing to do with development and progress and being an example for others)Desperately waiting for something taller than 15fl. in Nicosia!!!Let me add something that explains why Turkey is not Europe's China:

'Turkey, a Weak Link in Emerging Economies' 
By Cihan News Agency 
Published: Tuesday, March 21, 2006 
zaman.com


The Globalist - an online magazine on global economics and politics - has warned that Turkey is the weak link in the emerging market chain across the globe.

An article titled,"Watch out for Turkey," written by economic strategist Joseph Quinlan claims that Turkey could face unexpected difficulties in 2006 which could rattles the emerging markets. 

Quinlan listed the widening current account deficit, the high unemployment rate, the overvaluation of the Turkish liras, and the informal economy as the main pitfalls of the Turkish economy. 

Turkey has staged an impressive economic recovery over the past four years, cutting inflation figures to eight percent from 60 percent and reducing interest rates to 13 percent from 45 percent. 


Source: http://www.zaman.com/?bl=hotnews&alt=&trh=20060321&hn=31155

And anyway, why would Turkey want to be like China? What are they envious of? China's excellent human rights record? China's excellent treatment of the environment? China's rural areas which make up over 85% of the nation and in which people live in 3rd world conditions? 

Beats me!turkey is a big country with lots of human resources, all these projects are something that turkey needs and should have had years ago.

Click to expand...


read the posts of Greek members and compra them to other forumer's posts and you will smell something like hmm envy mabye? I mean Greece EU member since moer then 20 years, why don't you own these things then?FENERBAHCEM SEN COK YASA!!!!
Canim feda olsun sanaaa....
hickimseye degisilmeez...
senin sevginnnn....
bu dünya'da!!Leafs: Economist's forecats was -4.5% growth for Turkey. How did the reality look like? 9.9%!! :cheers:FENERBAHCEM SEN COK YASA!!!!
Canim feda olsun sanaaa....
hickimseye degisilmeez...
senin sevginnnn....
bu dünya'da!!messiah said:



Leafs: Economist's forecats was -4.5% growth for Turkey. How did the reality look like? 9.9%!! :cheers:

Click to expand...


That is great news.

All I am saying is that China should not be the model you want to compare to. They are too corrupt.

Also, I don't think you read the rest of sk's post. He wasn't being negative or envious against Turkey. Read his message again and you will see.Messiah,you forgot to mention that we also have a major "Bottling" Industry for intrested parties.Chinese Gov't Eyes Tax on Higher Emission Cars 

BEIJING, June 27 Asia Pulse - The Chinese government is considering a proposal to link vehicle tax to exhaust emissions, a top official has revealed.

"The government will levy no tax if consumers buy lower-level or zero emission vehicles," Feng Fei, director of the industry department at the State Council's Development and Research Centre, told China Daily on Friday in an exclusive interview.

"Those who buy cars with higher emissions will be taxed more heavily."

For cars with an engine capacity of more than 3.0 litres, tax could run as high as 15-20 per cent, Feng said.

At the moment, vehicle tax is between 3-8 per cent and is levied on auto producers before vehicles enter the market.

"We suggest that tax be levied on car buyers directly, this will encourage them to consider more economic vehicles with lower emissions," said Feng. 

According to the director, the research and development centre has recently finalized a report on car tax, which has already been submitted to the central government. Feng did not reveal when the suggestions might be implemented.

"The taxation change is mainly aimed at encouraging car owners to consume less oil and at cushioning environmental pressures," said Feng.

A previous report from the development and research centre stressed that oil supply and the environment would be great challenges for the country.

The centre predicts that by 2010, cars will consume 138 million tons of oil each year, 43 per cent of China's total oil demand, with this figure growing to 256 million tons, 57 per cent of total demand, by 2020.

"In the future urban pollution will mainly be generated by automobiles, unless we are able to effectively control exhaust emissions," he said.

Feng said the proposal to levy a higher tax on cars would not mean suppressing the development of China's car industry.

"China's auto industry is vital for driving the country's economy forward," said Feng. "What we need is healthy development in line with the capacity of our resources."

(XIC)World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Wathkskyline said:



Chinese Gov't Eyes Tax on Higher Emission Cars 

BEIJING, June 27 Asia Pulse - The Chinese government is considering a proposal to link vehicle tax to exhaust emissions, a top official has revealed.

"The government will levy no tax if consumers buy lower-level or zero emission vehicles," Feng Fei, director of the industry department at the State Council's Development and Research Centre, told China Daily on Friday in an exclusive interview.

"Those who buy cars with higher emissions will be taxed more heavily."

For cars with an engine capacity of more than 3.0 litres, tax could run as high as 15-20 per cent, Feng said.

At the moment, vehicle tax is between 3-8 per cent and is levied on auto producers before vehicles enter the market.

cheap tax preparation near me 6530 Trask Terrace Alexandria, VA 22315

"We suggest that tax be levied on car buyers directly, this will encourage them to consider more economic vehicles with lower emissions," said Feng.

According to the director, the research and development centre has recently finalized a report on car tax, which has already been submitted to the central government. Feng did not reveal when the suggestions might be implemented.

"The taxation change is mainly aimed at encouraging car owners to consume less oil and at cushioning environmental pressures," said Feng.

A previous report from the development and research centre stressed that oil supply and the environment would be great challenges for the country.

The centre predicts that by 2010, cars will consume 138 million tons of oil each year, 43 per cent of China's total oil demand, with this figure growing to 256 million tons, 57 per cent of total demand, by 2020.

"In the future urban pollution will mainly be generated by automobiles, unless we are able to effectively control exhaust emissions," he said.

Feng said the proposal to levy a higher tax on cars would not mean suppressing the development of China's car industry.

"China's auto industry is vital for driving the country's economy forward," said Feng. "What we need is healthy development in line with the capacity of our resources."

(XIC)

Click to expand...

taxes are a great help in such mattersSome ferries. 

Helsingborg (S) -Helsingör (DK) 20 minutes

HH-ferries Cars & Trucks carrier

The Hamlet -it's called so because The Shakespeare play Hamlet took place in the Kronborg Castle, Helsingör, DK (info for those of you who dropped out of college)

Sundbuss - passengers only


Rödbyhavn (DK) -Puttgarden (D) 45 minutes

Scandlines Cars & Trucks carrier
Who wants to drive on a 18km long bridge in 2018?
The only advantage would be a cheaper price to reach Puttgarden & Bordershop :cheers: otherwise I prefer the ferry, at least for the car. A train ride a cross the bridge would be a great experience though.


The "road" to Continental Europe for many Scandinavians.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThis is the largest ferry I've been on, the MV Pont Aven between Santander, Spain and Plymouth, UK.

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/MV_Pont-Aven 










The fastest ferry I've used is the HSC Jonathan Swift which travels between Holyhead in Wales and Dublin, Ireland in under 2 hours.Jonesy55 said:



This is the largest ferry I've been on, the MV Pont Aven between Santander, Spain and Plymouth, UK.

Click to expand...

Is that a car ferry ? How many hours does the voyage take? must be expensive 




Jonesy55 said:



The fastest ferry I've used is the HSC Jonathan Swift which travels between Holyhead in Wales and Dublin, Ireland in under 2 hours.

Click to expand...

I have read that many irish ferries have that name Jonathan Swift  also the ferries from Ireland to France. Did you travel with the ferry from Ireland to France? I saw some Irish cars in southern France, I presume they use that ferry? must be the most convienent route.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



Is that a car ferry ? How many hours does the voyage take? must be expensive .

Click to expand...

Yes, it is a car ferry and yes, it is quite expensive! A few years back we went on a holiday taking a short ferry from UK to France, then driving down the French Atlantic coast and across northern Spain before taking the ferry back from Santander. It's around 18 hours I think, you can also take a Portsmouth-Bilbao ferry which is a few hours longer. I think that is the longest ferry out of the UK now as I'm pretty sure the service to Iceland has stopped. :dunno:



NordikNerd said:



I have read that many irish ferries have that name Jonathan Swift also the ferries from Ireland to France. Did you travel with the ferry from Ireland to France? I saw some Irish cars in southern France, I presume they use that ferry? must be the most convienent route.

Click to expand...

Oh, I didn't know there were multiple boats with that name. I've only been to Ireland once, that time i took the Holyhead-Dublin ferry. I guess it depends where in France the Irish people are going, it may be quicker in some cases to take a ferry to the UK then another from UK to France....The Interislander. Famous for setting sail in any kind of weather, even with 10m waves and howling gales."You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place." -Vladimir PutinKiwiGuy said:



The Interislander. Famous for setting sail in any kind of weather, even with 10m waves and howling gales.

Click to expand...

Is that the ferry connecting North & South New Zealand ? Does it carry cars and trucks ?

How long does it take ? Any plans of building a bridge or a tunnel on this route ?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



Is that the ferry connecting North & South New Zealand ? Does it carry cars and trucks ?

How long does it take ? Any plans of building a bridge or a tunnel on this route ?

Click to expand...

Sure is and it carries trains as well as cars and trucks. Two hours I think to get from Picton to Wellington in relatively good weather.

Also, about the tunnel. Not sure where it would come out in Wellington or the South Island for that matter. Plus it would be very expensive and our government never really had the money for a multi-billion dollar tunnel."You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place." -Vladimir PutinThere are no longer any large hovercraft services across the English channel between England and France, competition from the tunnel and fast cat ferries killed them off. But there is one internal passenger hovercraft service in the UK, between Southsea near Portsmouth and Ryde on the Isle of Wight.Those used on cross-channel services until 2000 were much bigger and carried cars as well as passengers.from Brisbane,

Citycats


Brisbane River_01 by alyce.m, on Flickr

CityCat and City Ferry flotilla returns to the river 14 February by Brisbane City Council, on FlickrManila, Philippines (@ Manila Bay)....Kim Domingo....​Jonesy55 said:



I think that is the longest ferry out of the UK now as I'm pretty sure the service to Iceland has stopped. :dunno:

Oh, I didn't know there were multiple boats with that name. I've only been to Ireland once, that time i took the Holyhead-Dublin ferry. I guess it depends where in France the Irish people are going, it may be quicker in some cases to take a ferry to the UK then another from UK to France....

Click to expand...

Iceland service stopped its Scotland stop a few years back, which is a massive shame, Newcastle to Norway stopped too, which is also a shame. P&O operate UK-Ireland and UK-France ferries, they offer a 'Land Bridge' ticket for Ireland to France travellers.



Jonesy55 said:



Those used on cross-channel services until 2000 were much bigger and carried cars as well as passengers.







Click to expand...

They were massive, the noise they made when starting was unreal with flames shooting out the exhaust. Unfortunately like Concorde they used far too much fuel and were not a practical mode of transport, just an exercise in engineering.Amsterdam city ferries
From Amsterdam Centraal Station to northern Amsterdam boroughs.


Amsterdam GVB line 55,56 en 53. by Bou46, on Flickr


Amsterdam GVB Line 53 by Bou46, on Flickr


Amsterdam GVB IJveer 53 by Bou46, on Flickr


Highspeed ferries
From Amsterdam Centraal Station to nearby cities.


Fast Flying Ferry at Amsterdam CS by 


Fast Flying Ferry at Amsterdam CS 


Fast Flying FerryFerry between Genova (I) and Bastia (Corsica island)
Travel time is 4-6 hours.

1. Waiting for embarkment in Genova









2. Ferry arriving at Genova









3. Driving in









4. Others coming ...









5. Looking down on port









6. Arriving at Bastia port









7. The terrace deck, with most passengers already left for vehicle pick-upKnegte van die Allerhoogste, teen die hele wêreld vry. Bondsmen only to the Highest and before the whole world free.

- Die Stem van Suid-Afrikaferry between Buenos Aires and Uruguay:


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us

Buenos Aires:


Uploaded with ImageShack.us

Montevideo:


Uploaded with ImageShack.usInteresting to see the ferry Buenos Aires-Uruguay 

How much for a ticket ? does the ferry take cars and trucks?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationİstanbul, İDO,

1980's,










End of 90's,




























2000's,




























lines,So, my turn, ferries from Barcelona to Islas baleares:









[/url] IMG_1709 por elnordico, en Flickr[/IMG]








[/url] IMG_1710 por elnordico, en Flickr[/IMG]







[/url] IMG_1687 por elnordico, en Flickr[/IMG]SantoriniI wish that I could have this moment for life.

'Cos at this moment I just feel so alive!Ferry arriving at Genova, nice ferry it is uniquepFONT=Century Gothic] Condominiums PhilippinesI was recently in Prague, Czech Republic and took some photos of trams.

Share your tram-photos worldwide. Now I'm waiting to see some tram photos from the Americas & India .






This is an old tram, I have seen the same type of tram in St Petersburg, Russia.


A newer type of tram.


This type of tram I also saw in Tallinn, EstoniaThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationSome help with the trams. 
First 3 pictures are of Tatra T3-s which were very popular in the east
The newer one is a Škoda 15T which is also used in Riga
Tallinn has articulated tatra KT4 and double articulated KT6, which looks like the single car Tatra T6's used in Prague. St. Petersburg has older Russian made trams which IMHO look kinda like the Tatra ones but worseArchitect in the making: 100% CompletedMelbourne trams

W-class tram - 1923-present - 230 total currently (200 in storage, 26 in revenue service, 12 on city circle)









http://www.flickr.com/photos/[email protected]/9212542528/sizes/l/in/photostream/
City Circle Tram outside the Hotel Windsor


Z-class tram - 1970s-present - 230 total currently (147 in service)









http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Z3_183_2009_livery.jpg
A Z3-class tram in Swanston Street


A-class tram - 1980s-present - 70 total and in service









http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:A2.292_swanston.JPG
An A2-class tram in Swanston Street


B-class tram - 1980s-present - 130 total and in service









http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:B22026_New_Yarra_Trams_Livery.JPG
A B2-class tram in Spencer Street


C-class tram - 2001-present - 36 total and in service









http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:C_Class_Tram,_Melbourne_-_Jan_2008.jpg
A C-class tram at St Vincent's Plaza, East Melbourne


C2-class tram - 2008-present - 5 in service









http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Melbourne-C2-class-tram-Mulhouse.jpg
A C2-class tram in La Trobe Street


D-class tram - 2002-present - 59 total and in service (38 D1-class, 21 D2-class)









http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:D2TramSpencerStreet.jpg
A D2-class tram in Spencer Street.


E-class tram - 2013 - 50 (ordered)









http://www.flickr.com/photos/[email protected]/9297108414/sizes/c/in/photostream/
First run on the Melbourne Tram System of the new Bombardier Flexity E Class TramHong Kong

Historic










Current










Recently-Refurbished TramsWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatSANTA CRUZ DE TENERIFE - TENERIFE ISLAND - CANARY ISLANDS - SPAIN


Turn right at Tenerife South por st_asaph, en Flickr



Photowalk Tenerife 2010 por pisitoenmadrid, en Flickr



Tranvia de Tenerife - approaching the Intercambiador terminus por st_asaph, en Flickr



Zona comercial rotulación en el Tranvía de Tenerife por Publiservic Canarias, en Flickr


Tranvia Tenerife 003 por Espacio Riversa, en Flickr


Tranvia, Santa Cruz de Tenerife: Car 15 outbound on Calle de Imeldo Seris por Mega Anorak, en Flickr



tranvia de santa cruz de tenerife por cardenas449, en Flickr



Tranvia en Carnaval por Jose Manuel Armas, en Flickr



Rotulación Tranvía de Tenerife por Publiservic Canarias, en Flickr



Tranvia, Santa Cruz de Tenerife: Car 06 outbound leaving Conservatorio station por Mega Anorak, en FlickrA CORUÑA - GALICIA COMMUNITY – SPAIN



1294-Tranvia (Coruña) por jl.cernadas, en Flickr



A Coruña, Paseo Marítimo 29.08.1997 por The STB, en Flickr



tranvia Coruña por Ignacio Penado, en Flickr



Tranvia A Coruña por Dubas, en Flickr


0948 Tranvías da Coruña por orxeira, en Flickr

Tranvia de La Coruña por Roberto Perez, en Flickr



A Coruña, Paseo Marítimo 29.08.1997 por The STB, en Flickr 



Tranvía turístico en A Coruña por Koke Álvarez, en Flickr



Tranvía por sıɐԀ ɹǝıʌɐſ, en Flickr



Tranvia por shimuke, en FlickrBucharest, Romania...


Tramvaiul 402, linia 1, Bucuresti, 1 Mai 2013 by mariusm2009, on Flickr


Tramvaiul 143, linia 41, Bucuresti, 23 martie 2013 by mariusm2009, on Flickr


Tramvaiul 403, linia 1, Bucuresti, 9 ianuarie 2013 by mariusm2009, on Flickr


Autobuzul 6236, linia 133 si tramvaiul 3324, linia 35, Bucuresti, 12 martie 2013 by mariusm2009, on Flickr


Tramvaiul 4022, linia 1, Bucuresti, 2 Mai 2012 by mariusm2009, on Flickr


Bucharest by Formic2008, on Flickr


2008-11-02_1614-10 Tram in Bucharest by gunzel412, on Flickr


Tram Snow Removal by vamapaull, on Flickr^^Trams with licenseplates ?

BTW could you resize your photos a bit ?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



^^Trams with licenseplates ?

BTW could you resize your photos a bit ?

Click to expand...

Yes...the trams use some special license plates. I think they are issued by the city hall of Bucharest.

Post editedZARAGOZA - ARAGON COMMUNITY - SPAIN



De visita por Zaragoza (II) por Pasku Fuenla, en Flickr



Tranvía de Zaragoza por CARLOS123456, en Flickr



Tranvía de Zaragoza. Gran Vía 2012-05-16 por Línea5, en Flickr



Tranvía de Zaragoza por CARLOS123456, en Flickr



Enganchon tranvía Zaragoza por Rio Aragon, en Flickr 



Primer viaje por raimonMS, en Flickr



Tranvia de Zaragoza 3060 por Volvo AUCORSA, en Flickr



Tranvía en Zaragoza 2 por boira49, en Flickr



Tranvía de Zaragoza por CARLOS123456, en Flickr


El que volvió sigue creciendo por Montepo, en FlickrPrague Tram Photo Mania

















































More Prague trams(not my photos)The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationSEVILLE - ANDALUSIA COMMUNITY - SPAIN



Tram in Seville, Spain - tranvia, Sevilla, Espana - 2010 por mikeyashworth, en Flickr



Sevilla. 03~08_07_2013-065 por Canhetinho, en Flickr



Sevilla. Coches de Caballos y Metrocentro. por josemazcona, en Flickr



Tranvía en Sevilla por Gonzobaires, en Flickr



Tranvía de Aragón en Sevilla por Turismo de Aragón, en Flickr



Tranvía de Sevilla en la Avenida de la Constitución. por Pepelu_Sevillano, en Flickr



Tranvía (Sevilla) por Bici Enredando, en Flickr



Tranvia de Sevilla Urbo 3 por galileo1657, en Flickr



Tranvia de Sevilla por miguel cortes, en Flickr



Sevilla por Antonio Rull, en Flickri like the design of tram, and its more convenient as tram can go into city center. But what i dont like is the tram wire on the tram. Those wire sometimes looks messy. I know there is some electric tram which do not require electric wire on the tram, but the technology is not that advance.

btw i went to lisbon few days ago and their tram are quite famous. One of the Lisbon iconFNNG said:



i like the design of tram, and its more convenient as tram can go into city center. But what i dont like is the tram wire on the tram. Those wire sometimes looks messy. I know there is some electric tram which do not require electric wire on the tram, but the technology is not that advance.

btw i went to lisbon few days ago and their tram are quite famous. One of the Lisbon icon

Click to expand...

In some Spanish cities there are trams also Spanish operating alternately with catenary and batteries in the monumental areas, are the cases of the cities of Seville and Zaragoza. This also occurs in some cities of France.

Precious Lisbon trams!.



De visita por Zaragoza (II) por Pasku Fuenla, en Flickr


El que volvió sigue creciendo por Montepo, en Flickr



Tranvía de Aragón en Sevilla por Turismo de Aragón, en Flickr 



Tranvía (Sevilla) por Bici Enredando, en FlickrTRAM & TRAM-TRAIN, ALICANTE / ALACANT – VALENCIA COMMUNITY - SPAIN. In this city trams and tram-train flowing underground through the center of the city.



91-2646 por manu269, en Flickr



tram d´Alacant - Tranvía de Alicante por Ibertram, en Flickr



TRAM Alicante por r304p, en Flickr



TRAM, Alicante: 4212 Bombardier tramcar approaching Puerta del Mar Terminus on Avenida Juan Bautista Lafora por Mega Anorak, en Flickr



TRAM Metropolità d'Alacant, Sangueta, Alicante por bindonlane, en Flickr



TRAM, Alicante: 4051 Vossloh long-distance railcar at La Isleta por Mega Anorak, en Flickr



Mercado #3 por © kalofeng, en Flickr



FGV4200 por carris28, en Flickr



2011 0215 04 LINE3 TRAM METROPOLITA D'ALACANT BOMBADIER FLEXITY ELECTRIC TRAM 4201 MARQ STATION por Andrew Reynolds transport view, en Flickr



Your tram to the beach por st_asaph, en FlickrCastor_Game said:



TRAM & TRAM-TRAIN, ALICANTE / ALACANT – VALENCIA COMMUNITY - SPAIN. In this city trams and tram-train flowing underground through the center of the city.


 
91-2646 por manu269, en Flickr


 
tram d´Alacant - Tranvía de Alicante por Ibertram, en Flickr


 
TRAM Alicante por r304p, en Flickr


 
TRAM, Alicante: 4212 Bombardier tramcar approaching Puerta del Mar Terminus on Avenida Juan Bautista Lafora por Mega Anorak, en Flickr



TRAM Metropolità d'Alacant, Sangueta, Alicante por bindonlane, en Flickr


 
TRAM, Alicante: 4051 Vossloh long-distance railcar at La Isleta por Mega Anorak, en Flickr



Mercado #3 por © kalofeng, en Flickr


 
FGV4200 por carris28, en Flickr



2011 0215 04 LINE3 TRAM METROPOLITA D'ALACANT BOMBADIER FLEXITY ELECTRIC TRAM 4201 MARQ STATION por Andrew Reynolds transport view, en Flickr


 
Your tram to the beach por st_asaph, en Flickr

Click to expand...

is that normal train track? i didnt know tram can run on it as well. :lol: sorry i dont really understand how tram work besides its uses electricity. Btw i always wonder how the slim hole on the road can support the whole tram @[email protected]^^

 :hmm: 


BILBAO - BASQUE COUNTRY COMMUNITY - SPAIN


Tranvia Bilbao por Rafa3600Fgv, en Flickr



Visiting Bilbao por Hararreder, en Flickr



Tranvía de Bilbao por Francesc Esteve, en Flickr



BilboBus complementando al Tranvía de Bilbao por agirregabiria, en Flickr



tranvia de bilbao por 111astur, en Flickr



Arenal de Bilbao por macosluky, en Flickr



Tranvía (Bilbao) por Raúl Cuevas Pérez, en Flickr



Tranvía, Paraninfo e Iberdro-la por borjagomez, en Flickr



BilboBus complementando al Tranvía de Bilbao por agirregabiria, en Flickr



Tranvía de Bilbao, Guggenheim y Otoño por ordunte, en FlickrToronto is one of the few cities in North America that did not rip up its streetcar system in the 1950's. San Francisco kept a few lines which are used for touristic rides on antique cars, but Toronto kept its cars as an important part of the city's transportation system. The TTC is in the process of introducing new streetcars, but I have some photos here I took this past weekend of the existing ones:

Here one is rounding a corner:




























Here is what our streetcars looked like a hundred years ago:









City of Toronto archives

and I took this photo at the same intersection:












this is the new streetcar that is being rolled out:









http://torontoist.com/2012/11/ttc-previews-our-new-streetcars/

I know the old stock has to be replaced, but aesthetically I prefer the look of the existing cars as new trams around the world are all starting to look the same.“Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.” 
My Life Thus Far.... Toronto and beyondOn the rails; Tram in Viennamy Instagram profile with content some of you might find interesting:​
MXBHR​Sheer magicWhich?








http://www.itshybrid.com/Articulated Hybrid Bus.htmIsn't the last option the only one which allows low floor on all exits?I voted for transverse rear engine✪ Nous l'emporterons !␣␣Mathematicians have solved traffic jams, and they&rsquo;re begging cities to listenby Arianne Cohen␣␣Most traffic jams are unnecessary, and this deeply irks mathematicians who specialize in traffic flow. They reserve particular vitriol for local transport engineers.

Click to expand...

Source: https://www.fastcompany.com/90455739/mathematicians-have-solved-traffic-jams-and-theyre-begging-cities-to-listen via vozForums for iPhoneP6131905 

Picture of Veolia-locomotive at Linköping railway station, taken yesterday.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationVale Comany in Brazil 




























http://www.flickr.com/photos/cristianooliveira2/7169806529/in/[email protected]/#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Indian Railways

Indian railways locomotive WAG7( W-Broad gauge 1676mm A- Alternating current G- Goods (freight)). 



 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO2FZSrxYC4Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-Sn4goplfwYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Brazil


Trem Cargueiro x Trem Passageiro. por L.Bassetti, no Flickr




















trem da vale por Carlos Cavalcanti, no Flickr


Locomotiva EMD BB45-2 Trem da Vale por Guilherme C. Stabelin, no Flickr#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Locomotives manufactured in Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4lcFjm-SeoYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glTM8pPN3soYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Great photos !! must be a very impressive sound from those long diesel locos. ^^



This is a siemens loco from ÖBB, same as the Hectorrail-loco on the picture in the 1st post. (?)
Photo from Munich Hbf (main station)The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThis WDM7 runs on bio diesel






http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vDTHORcCvoYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Argentina Locomotive:


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us



Uploaded with ImageShack.us


Uploaded with ImageShack.us
In Argentina there are a variety of locomotives but are very oldNice photos and videos.

India: People does not seem to have any respect for trains and run over the tracks 

Argentina:That orange looking loco 2nd lowest on the post looks french.


DB Regional train with electric loco,Munich


DB Regional train, FlensburgThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationBrazil

Vale company#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Lots of diesellocos in America, here's a german diesellocomotive:The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationlocomotives peru@panamafreak

@limafreakThose Peru trains look interesting, but I presume that Argentina has the most extensive rail network in South America and the most modern train fleet.

Is it possible to go by passengertrain from Peru to Argentina?



This is a maintenance-locomotive. I think it's a Z65 which originates from the 1960's. Photo from Örebro, Sweden.


Italian locos at Florence, S.M.N. The loco to the right is very common in regional passenger trains.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationBrazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”edit...links brokenOld one:









Various Diesels used too for freight trains...

In Holland...NordikNerd said:



Is it possible to go by passengertrain from Peru to Argentina?

Click to expand...

No, far away passengertrain peru-argentina@panamafreak

@limafreakwelcome !3"Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother's eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye? 4How can you say to your brother, 'Let me take the speck out of your eye,' when all the time there is a plank in your own eye? 5You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye.``Matthew 7´´In Brazil our currency is called Real(real in english)








]
100 note








50 note


















old design3"Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother's eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye? 4How can you say to your brother, 'Let me take the speck out of your eye,' when all the time there is a plank in your own eye? 5You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye.``Matthew 7´´I like SA currencyAIRAFRIQUE​
✈✈✈​Wrong subforum!YIMBY - Yes In My Backyard.Euro









http://www.top50vandejarennul.nl/wp-content/uploads//german-euro-bills-and-coins.jpg

Our old currency (before 2001) BF= Belgian Frank.

































http://huisalbert.be/photos/754-2_l.jpgЧто у тебя в голове? В твоей голове? Зомби! Зомби! Зомби!^^^^ Nice currency3"Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother's eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye? 4How can you say to your brother, 'Let me take the speck out of your eye,' when all the time there is a plank in your own eye? 5You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother's eye.``Matthew 7´´The bigger banknotes were:






































I Have never holded a banknote of 5000 or 10.000 Belgian Frank in my whole life...

5000 Belgian frank: +-125Euro today
10.000 BElgian frank: +- 250 Euro today.

125Euro= 275 Brazilian Real
250Euro= 550 Brazilian RealЧто у тебя в голове? В твоей голове? Зомби! Зомби! Зомби!United States of America"Real" in English is "Royal", real is "verdedeiro" and royal is "real". For example in Portugal reais became escudos with the declaration of the Republic.

English Pound

The English Pound (equal in value to the Scottish Pound, St Helena Pound, Northern Irish Pound etc).. The English pound is accepted in all ( or at least some) these other places, but not vice-versa.



















As the euro has already been posted, I will post the former currency;

Portuguese EscudoArgentine peso:*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Dirham, currency of Morocco 




The dirham (Arabic: درهم, plural: دراهم‎) is the currency of Morocco. The plural form is pronounced darahim, although in French and English "dirhams" is commonly used. Its ISO 4217 code is "MAD". It is subdivided into 100 santimat (singular: santim, Arabic singular: سنتيم, plural: سنتيما or سنتيمات). The dirham is issued by the Bank Al-Maghrib, the central bank of Morocco. It is also the de facto currency in Western Sahara. While the dirham is a fully convertible currency, export of the local currency is prohibited by law.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moroccan_dirham

Click to expand..."Nous donnâmes à Loth la science et la sagesse; nous le sauvâmes de la ville qui se livrait à des méfaits. Certes c'était un peuple méchant et pervers. 
 Nous comprîmes (Loth) dans notre miséricorde, car il était du nombre des justes."​ 

Cityscapes.MA​The Dutch Guilder was the world's oldest currency still in use before it was replaced by the Euro (its history can be traced back to the year 1252).























































You can find all the above pictures and many more on this fabulous website.Moldova currency

















































































































































1 U.S. dollar = 11.7 LEI (on 08.10.10)Slagathor said:



The Dutch Guilder was the world's oldest currency still in use before it was replaced by the Euro (its history can be traced back to the year 1252).

Click to expand...

I thought that the Greek Drachma was the oldest pre-Euro scrip.

Mikemgk920 said:



I thought that the Greek Drachma was the oldest pre-Euro scrip.

Mike

Click to expand...

Well as is usually the case with the Greeks, there's a difference between Ancient Greeks and Modern Greeks. The Ancients did indeed use the Drachma, but then there's this HUUUGE gap in time to 1832 when the Modern Greeks decided to start using it again. In between there were all sorts of different currencies.Australia have the most prettiest currency!!
















they look like play moneysMANILA 2024 OLYMPICS
 Support the BidSerbian dinar

The dinar is the currency of Serbia. An earlier currency also called dinar was the currency of the Principality, then the Kingdom, of Serbia between 1868 and 1918. The earliest use of the dinar date to 1214. The current Serbian dinar is a continuation of the last Yugoslav dinar. There are currently no plans to replace the Serbian dinar with the euro.






















Yugoslav dinar - 500 billion!This is the currency if the Republic of Singapore. The Singapore Dollar. The face on all the notes is Yusof Ishak, first President of Singapore. 










































The notes above are polymer notes. The bottom ones are paper money. It could be changed to polymer notes in the future.MAN CITY FAN SINCE 1999!! 
HAALAND !!!!Polish Złoty

The current Złoty (PLN) was introduced in 1995 and replaced the old Złoty (PLZ) which became worthless due to post-transformation inflation. Right now 1PLN is worth about 0.25€.Norwegian krones:_________​Why does the US verision of this Volvo have another type of headlights than the original verision ?


Was there a legislation necessitating these headlights.


Also MB had another type of headlights in the US, but now all MB's look the same all over the world.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThey are called "sealed beams" and it meant that the whole headlight assembling was one unit - everything from the bulb, glass, reflectors etc. was bolted together to create one sealed beam. It was mandatory in the US from the '40s into the mid '80s. I believe the reason was simply because sealed beams were cheaper and easier to replace and the NHTSA care more about cost vs benefit than their European equivalents.Galro said:



They are called "sealed beams" and it meant that the whole headlight assembling was one unit - everything from the bulb, glass, reflectors etc. was bolted together to create one sealed beam. It was mandatory in the US from the '40s into the mid '80s. I believe the reason was simply because sealed beams were cheaper and easier to replace and the NHTSA care more about cost vs benefit than their European equivalents.

Click to expand...

How could it be cheaper to replace if it was bolted together and sealed?

On the swedish verision you could disassemble the headlight and change the glass or the reflector if they were worn out. Must be a lot cheaper to buy a new glass or only the reflector than buying the whole unit which was the case in the US according to you. Or was this a method of earning profit for US dealers so the customer had to replace the whole headlight unit ?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway station^^ I meant that it was cheaper over the lifetime of cars as they lasted longer (at least when the law was introduced). Didn't express that to well.:shifty: I believe it was the insurance companies that pushed for the rule. They were also behind the 5mph bumper which graced many American cars for a while.This Volvo is from my city - Jasło, Poland 
As I know, that car was from Illinois, probably from Chicago. KSR plates were issued in Jasło in ca. 1990. Those days it was not easy to register "american" car in PL, because asymmetric front lights were forbidden. So you had to replace it of european model.Same thing goes w/ the 8th Gen Honda Civic (2006-2011)

US VERSION









ASIAN/JAPAN VERSION -the one which's available here in the Philippines








^^ philippine spec


and 2nd Gen Ford Escape (2008-2011/12)

US VERSION









ASIAN VERSION....Kim Domingo....​I think that the Ford Explorer (Asia) is the old European Ford Mercury, so its completely different from the US Explorer. Same goes for European and US Focus, e.g., so you should't get confused by the name.

Regarding the Civic, that's probably the result of a facelift.Folglich mein TagesTipp => Es genau so hinzunehmen wie ich es sagte. Notorisches Widersprechen wird nichts bringen. Ehrlich! Vertraut mir da voellig! 
__________ __________ __________NordikNerd said:



How could it be cheaper to replace if it was bolted together and sealed?

On the swedish verision you could disassemble the headlight and change the glass or the reflector if they were worn out. Must be a lot cheaper to buy a new glass or only the reflector than buying the whole unit which was the case in the US according to you. Or was this a method of earning profit for US dealers so the customer had to replace the whole headlight unit ?

Click to expand...

I had seal beam lights on my first car and I could swap both headlights in 5 minutes and it probably cost about $25 for the two new lights. However, these things were phased out twenty years ago.thun said:



Regarding the Civic, that's probably the result of a facelift.

Click to expand...

not really.. that 8th gen US version has never been sold here, 7th Gen US and Asian versions had the same headlights/tail lights.... the asian version looks good though........Kim Domingo....​The advantage of requiring only sealed-beam headlights meant that there were only four types of headlights to choose when replacing - large round (for single headlights), small round (for dual headlights), and after 1980 or so, large rectangular and small rectangular. While it's easy to replace the bulb in a non-sealed beam headlight should it burn out, it's much more difficult to find a matching lens (or whatever the clear cover is called) if the lens is smashed or becomes opaque. Thus, with a 1965 Ford, you can just head down to your auto parts store and buy a replacement, while with a much newer model, you might end up having to search a junkyard for the model that was built specifically for your car.And the European Civic completely different:











Same with Accord:


European/Japanese:











US-Version:thank you for liking this: www.facebook.com/carspottingaustria

http://carspotting-austria.jimdo.com/It's largely for commercial reasons, i.e. aesthetics/what sells in different markets. U.S cars have always had a distinctive look and US customers expect a car to have that appearance. Other markets also have distinctive style preferences but imo to a lesser extent than the US car market. So US versions often look quite different.Don't be yesterday's waxy potatoVienna21 said:



And the European Civic completely different:


Same with Accord:

Click to expand...

These are completely different cars that have very little in common with each other except for the name plates. That's done because different markets value and requires different things, and the Us' Civic and Accord is therefore built to meet Us needs (usually larger and less stressed engines, generally bigger size and a chassis set up for comfort rather than ultimate handling) while the European is not.In the other hand

nissan platina = Renault Clio

American dodge Caravan = Town & Country and Grand VoyagerIn the United States, the foreign version of the Honda Accord is sold by Honda's luxury brand, Acura, as the TSX:









Note the similarity to the white "Accord" posted above.A government's primary duty is to protect and advance the three most fundamental human rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. These rights imply the additional right to prudently guarded stupidity.

Socialism never took root in America because the poor there saw themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires. -John SteinbeckI have to admit, I actually miss the old sealed beam lights. They always seemed brighter, and they didn't yellow out over time.As said, the sealed beams ware obrigatory in the US until the 80's. 
Now the difference is that the U.S. uses symmetrical headlight, while elsewhere use asymmetric headlights.Volvo has the safest car title.China Cars Accessoriesheadlight assembling was mandatory in the US


web aksesoris mobilHi guys will commuting to work or school ever become obsolete in the next 10-15 years because of technology such as teleconferencing, VR?didn't you ask this question before?

and no. I see telecommunications allowing more jobs and tasks to be done outside over long distance. But it will never replace it. There are some things you need to do in person.Visit the:
Japan Thread
Good News Thread
Cats Thread
Dogs ThreadYou could have personal teleportation to remove the need for a commute yet I am certain that people will still find a way to get stuck somewhere for half an hour to get to work. 

More seriously though, perhaps in the far future there could be technology to replace face-to-face interaction or the need for an employee's physical presence to fulfill a task, however that time is still far away to speculate on.
So no, people would still need to commute. Perhaps not on a daily basis, which would alleviate many problems relating to rush hour commutes (and the stress it causes), but there would be some need for people to go to and fro their work place.SuperpoliS.​I want to open a new thread here so we can discuss about visas, official traveling documents and the right for free movement with or without providing additional papers. (On highways and autobahns) 
I will start with the recent news regarding Ukraine's visa free regime.




Almost six million Ukrainians visit EU in three months, 61 denied entry

A total of 5,799,360 citizens of Ukraine entered the EU countries during the first three months after the entry into force of the visa-free regime, from July 11 to Sept. 11, the Delegation of the European Union to Ukraine has reported, citing the figures of the Ukrainian State Border Service.

Out of these, 1,413,178 persons travelled with biometric passports, including 235,795 persons without visas (i.e. 87 percent of people with biometric passports travelled with visas, and 17 percent fully benefited from all the opportunities of visa-free travel)
According to the same statistics, the number of trips made by Ukrainians to the EU countries during the three summer months of 2017 increased by 10% compared to the same three months last year.

Click to expand...

https://www.kyivpost.com/ukraine-po...ns-visit-eu-three-months-61-denied-entry.html

I want to hear opinions from different countries and regions about respective visa policies and requirements when some of you is going abroad.Born in SFR Yugoslavia & Citizen of North Macedonia = European

BEEN IN:
NMK A AL B BiH BG CZ D E EST F FIN GB GR HR H I LT M MNE NL PL RKS RO SRB SK SLO TR#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Brazilians dont need a visa to Russia ? really ? I think that visafree travel to Russia is only possible for cruise ship passengers and citizens of former USSR-republics (except the Baltics)The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway station^^
I need visa for Russia my country of origin is Macedonia. Also I know that all of the European countries do need visa to go there. But I think Serbia is the one that don't need.Born in SFR Yugoslavia & Citizen of North Macedonia = European

BEEN IN:
NMK A AL B BiH BG CZ D E EST F FIN GB GR HR H I LT M MNE NL PL RKS RO SRB SK SLO TRNordikNerd said:



Brazilians dont need a visa to Russia ? really ? I think that visafree travel to Russia is only possible for cruise ship passengers and citizens of former USSR-republics (except the Baltics)

Click to expand...NordikNerd said:



Brazilians dont need a visa to Russia ? really ? I think that visafree travel to Russia is only possible for cruise ship passengers and citizens of former USSR-republics (except the Baltics)

Click to expand...

Brazil and Russia signed reciprocal exemption of visa some years ago#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”xrtn2 said:



Brazil and Russia signed reciprocal exemption of visa some years ago

Click to expand...

Visafree travel to Russia, but how many brazilians visit Russia ? There are no direct flights between the two countries.

Getting a russian visa for a swedish person is somewhat kafka-esque for an independant traveller. You go to the russian visa-center in Stockholm or Göteborg (not the embassy) You need to bring an invitation from a hotel in Russia or from a russian citizen, fill in the form. Pay 30 EUR and wait 4-10 days. Then when your visa is done you go back to the visa-center to pick it up. The worst thing is that the visa center never send visas by mail, so if you dont live close to Stockholm/Göteborg you have to go there twice. Also when you arrive in Russia you have to register your visa at an immigration office OVIR...meaning standing in line for a few hours to get a stamp in your passport. :grumpy:The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationit is comparable to getting schengen visa for Russians.
if you don't live in major cities with visa-center, then you need to go to nearest city with visa-center. For me it's 350km to Ekaterinburg and I'm lucky to live that close. The visa centers work only on working days, so I need to skip the job to get it. And I need to take all my family with me even my one year old daughter. I also need to book hotels or get an invitation from eu-citizen, get a paper from my bank account that i have enough money, pay 35 euros visa fee and to buy medical insurance.

the good thing is that some countries like Greece or Spain give a 3-years multi-visa, so i don't need to get a new one for every travel.

As for visa policy, it is reciprocity norm in Russia. If EU countries cancel visas for Russians then Russia will cancel visas for eu-citizens. I don't think it will happen iany time soon with all this political hysteria around my country.golosa said:



it is comparable to getting schengen visa for Russians.

Click to expand...

Yes. Russia is not very far from Scandinavia geographically but most people here think it's a difficult destination due to visa requirement, burocracy and an overall not a tourist friendly attitude. Also words in kyrillic and service staff with poor knowledge of english does not make the trip easier. The positive thing is that there is a visa free cruise from Stockholm to St Petersburg with the St Peter line. It takes 39hours and operates once a week.

Finland has facilitated the visa application process for russians so most russians apply for a Schengen visa in the finnish embassies and consulates.

Finland also promotes a future plan of introducing visa-free travel for russians to the EU. 

Transfer to visa-free travel is ultimately based not only on technical criteria but also on mutual confidence and a sense of security. Europe expects reforms in Russia, including development of more secure passport granting procedures. All Russians who apply for a passport should receive one that is reliable. Corruption among the public authorities has to be addressed. Problems arising from illegal immigration to Russia spill over to Europe too  Russia should be capable of enhancing its border control.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



Visafree travel to Russia, but how many brazilians visit Russia ? There are no direct flights between the two countries.

Click to expand...

Unfortunately a few brazilians visit Russia each year#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”UK visa policy VS schengen Visa Policy 

Both don't have visa-free for russians :nuts::nuts:

UK policy 









Schengen policy#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”^^
In Europe, Western Balkans states plus Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova can visit the area visa free for 90 days in 180 days period. But as you can see NO UK. It's ugly but UK is doing its own way of visa policy. Also no Ireland for us.Born in SFR Yugoslavia & Citizen of North Macedonia = European

BEEN IN:
NMK A AL B BiH BG CZ D E EST F FIN GB GR HR H I LT M MNE NL PL RKS RO SRB SK SLO TRThe EU accepts the US citizens visa-free. The US... accept the citizens of most EU countries visa-free (in the Visa Waiver Program), with just a few exceptions, including Poland. I am not really getting what's the reason.Leciała mucha z Łodzi do Zgierza...Kpc21 said:



The EU accepts the US citizens visa-free. The US... accept the citizens of most EU countries visa-free (in the Visa Waiver Program), with just a few exceptions, including Poland. I am not really getting what's the reason.

Click to expand...

I would say that the long distance between countries makes it easier to support visa free travel. It's expenisve to travel between continents and that may be an obstacle for non wanted poor trouble makers who want to enter a country to work illegaly or commit crimes.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationYeah, but for Poles it's anyway much easier to work abroad, not even illegally, without problems in the whole EU. I could understand it before we joined the EU, but now - not really. There is no reason for Poles to go to the US and start working there (illegally, because doing it legally is anyway almost impossible).Leciała mucha z Łodzi do Zgierza...Next Year in March 2018 i plan to visit Japan (Tokyo) for the 1st time. On my Return back to UK, i found Russian Aeroflot flight to be the best value on Expedia flights. The flight is from Tokyo to Moscow, then change from Moscow to London. I will be at the Sheremetyo Moscow airport for 1.5 hours. 

My question is do i need a Russian visa, even thought i will spend the 1.5 hours inside the airport and not go out ?Heavyduty said:



My question is do i need a Russian visa, even thought i will spend the 1.5 hours inside the airport and not go out ?

Click to expand...

http://www.svo.aero/en/transit/rules/

Foreigners can stay in the transit zone of Sheremetyevo Airport waiting for their connecting flight for up to 24 hours without a Russian visa. The passenger must have a boarding pass to his next flight.Midnight Sun said:



http://www.svo.aero/en/transit/rules/

Foreigners can stay in the transit zone of Sheremetyevo Airport waiting for their connecting flight for up to 24 hours without a Russian visa. The passenger must have a boarding pass to his next flight.

Click to expand...

What if your flight is delayed or cancelled and you stay more than 24 hours ?

At Pulkovo airport 1996 or so. Our flight LED-ARN was cancelled due to bad weather and we were offered a flight home the next day, but my visa had expired, because it was valid only to the date of the planned departure. 

The Airline extended the visa for free, but it was the usual russian hassle of standing in line, waiting, filling in forms, waiting again, language barrier, arguing...at least they offered us dinner and breakfast. Also remember I met a norwegian businessman that I had to share a hotel room with and we had some interesting conversations. :cheers:The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationMidnight Sun said:



http://www.svo.aero/en/transit/rules/

Foreigners can stay in the transit zone of Sheremetyevo Airport waiting for their connecting flight for up to 24 hours without a Russian visa. The passenger must have a boarding pass to his next flight.

Click to expand...

Thank you so much for the answer and the link which i need to see thoroughlyTechnically as of Tuesday, Oct. 10, 2017, but effectively January 2018, for a large number of US States, Citizens are going to need passports just to fly withiun the United States.

https://thepointsguy.com/2017/09/real-id-act-compliance-update/Cuba legalizes private Wi-Fi networks in bid to boost connectivity 
Excerpt

HAVANA, May 29 (Reuters) - Cuba announced on Wednesday it would legalize private Wi-Fi networks to access the internet and connect computers, as well as allow imports of equipment like routers in another step toward expanding connectivity on the Communist-run island.

The new rules, which take effect on July 29, will regulate the many existing wireless networks Cubans have crafted in recent years with smuggled equipment and likely encourage the creation of new ones.

The move, announced in state-run media, looks set to allow private businesses to provide their customers with Wi-Fi internet legally, a boon for the tourism sector.

No network owner, however, will be able to sell that service, with state telecoms company ETECSA maintaining a monopoly on commercial internet access on the Caribbean's largest island.

Ordinary citizens will be able to connect to ETECSA's infrastructure via Wi-Fi by asking for a permit, state website Cubadebate said.

Cuba has lagged far behind most of the Western Hemisphere in Web access, whether because of a lack of cash, a long-running U.S. trade embargo or concerns about the flow of information. Until 2013, internet was largely available to the public only at tourist hotels on the island.

The government has since made boosting connectivity a priority, introducing outdoor Wi-Fi hot spots and mobile internet.

Given the slow pace of hooking up homes to broadband internet, some Cubans have used illegal antenna to connect to the hot spots instead, hoping authorities will turn a blind eye.

More : https://www.reuters.com/article/us-...ks-in-bid-to-boost-connectivity-idUSKCN1SZ2UDWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatFEATURE-In climate change-hit Bangladesh, hospital boats keep healthcare afloat
Excerpt
22 May 2019

DHAKA (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Living on a secluded island in northern Bangladesh, several hours from the nearest hospital, Abdul Jalil believed he was destined to die blind.

That changed earlier this month when the 67-year-old underwent free cataract surgery on a ship moored next to his home.

"I can't wait for my eye bandage to come off," Jalil told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. "It's been so long since I last saw my son properly. I think I have forgotten how he looks."

Jalil lives on an island formed about two decades ago on the Jamuna River from sand and silt deposits.

These islands - known as chars in Bangladesh - are constantly changing shape as they erode and reform, a process that is quickening as a result of more extreme rainfall associated with climate change.

The erosion makes survival difficult for their residents - mostly poor farmers - and discourages building of permanent hospitals, researchers say.

But floating hospital ships, run by a non-governmental organisation and equipped with medical facilities and doctors, now provide free treatment in the chars - a system that might be a model for other nations hit by worsening climate threats.

Without the ship, the char's residents must hire a boat and endure a day-long journey to the nearest town hospital, said Kazi Golam Rasul, head of health at Friendship, the NGO.

"They have to spend a lot of time and money to arrange a simple doctor's visit. It discourages them. That's why many residents visit hospitals only when the disease or pain becomes really bad. That is very dangerous," said Rasul.

The NGO currently runs two ships and is in the process of building five more floating hospitals with the help of the King Abdullah Foundation, an organisation started by the former Saudi monarch.

After five years, the new ships will be handed over to the Bangladesh government, which believes Friendship's method of reaching people in remote areas needs to expand.

"This is a viable strategy to get to people who are hard to reach and have no access to medical services," said Nawsher Ahmed Sikder, a civil servant from the Ministry of Finance.

'LIFE AND DEATH'

Low-lying Bangladesh is extremely vulnerable to climate change and researchers say people living on the chars, far away from the mainland, are at the forefront of experiencing climate impacts, from flooding and storms to worsening erosion.

According to government records, at least 466 families living on chars in Gaibandha in northern Bangladesh lost their homes due to river erosion last year and 67 were forced to move.

In all, about 10 million people live on chars in Bangladesh according to the National Char Alliance, an advocacy group.

More : https://uk.reuters.com/article/bangladesh-climatechange-environment-idUKL5N22S2X0World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIs there a thread about buses ? 

here are some pictures of buses in Holland, all taken in 2009








From Gulpen you can take the bus to Aachen (D) or Maastricht (NL)
















Gulpen bus station, very nice snack bar here. 
















All pictures above:Buses in Gulpen, Limburg, NL^^








































Buses at Maastricht railway station^^


Heerlen bus station^^
My impression of Heerlen is that it looked like a modern city without a city centre (or I didn't find the city centre)The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationMaribor, Slovenia








Source: http://www.phototrans.eu/14,503511,0,Mercedes_Conecto_LF_793.html









Source: http://www.phototrans.eu/14,503499,0,Mercedes_Conecto_LF_797.html

Ljubljana, Slovenia








Source: http://www.phototrans.eu/14,392841,0,Mercedes_O530L___551.html









Source: http://www.phototrans.eu/14,504138,0,Mercedes_O405N2___Avtomonta__a_154.htmlI am comfortable with partial nuditylafreak84 said:



Maribor, Slovenia
,___Avtomonta__a_154.html[/url]

Click to expand...

fine pictures. MB buses like these are also seen in Basel, Switzerland

In Copenhagen, Volvo is a common brandThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThis is a kind of bus in Chengdu, China. It looks kinda old-style, and the inside infrastructure is also made of wood.


Flickr 上 brooklyn810 的 the BUS of ChengDuStanislav. said:



Kazan, Russia.

,

Click to expand...

what is the brand of this bus? KAMAZ ?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationKazan, Russia.Bus in Sicily (Italy)

red/Blue --> Interbus and SAIS bus (between many towns in sicily)
http://www.interbus.it/

white --> AST Bus (also between many towns in Sicily)
http://www.aziendasicilianatrasporti.it/It looks kinda old-style, and the inside infrastructure is also made of wood.brick84 said:



red/Blue --> Interbus and SAIS bus (between many towns in sicily)
[,]

Click to expand...

nice buses, they look like tourist-buses^^









Long-distance bus in Sweden^^








Medium distance bus in southern France (currently out of service)^^The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



what is the brand of this bus? KAMAZ ?

Click to expand...

NEFAZStanislav. said:



NEFAZ 

Click to expand...

Neftejansk Avto Zawod ?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



Neftejansk Avto Zawod ?

Click to expand...

Neftekamsk (a town in Bashkiria, Russia).Intercity bus from Sao Paulo to Santos, Brazil










Sao Paulo city trolleybusTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOMetropolitan Transport Corporation, Chennai India

Nice Thread!
TATA Motor limited Marcopolo city bus

MTC bus by VinTN, on Flickr
Ashok Leyland city bus

MTC bus by VinTN, on Flickr


MTC bus by VinTN, on Flickr

Volvo B7R.

MTC Volvo bus by VinTN, on FlickrYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Tamilnadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) buses

Operates 21,000 buses connecting every corner of Tamilnadu and major cities in other states.


TNSTC bus by VinTN, on Flickr


TNSTC bus by VinTN, on Flickr


TNSTC bus by VinTN, on Flickr


TNSTC bus by VinTN, on FlickrYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Vicvin86 said:



Operates 21,000 buses connecting every corner of Tamilnadu and major cities in other states.

,kr

Click to expand...

no glass in the windows, what happends if it's raining?, the passengers get wetThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway station^^ Movable glass panes are there and they can be pushed up or down. Also except for the Volvo all others are non-AC and hence glass panes are always moved up for air to come in.Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895Youtube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895NordikNerd said:



no glass in the windows, what happends if it's raining?, the passengers get wet

Click to expand...

 There's a rolled up taurpaulin sheet which you can tie down.
TNSTC city buc in Coimbatore, India.
CC, METhe land of the BEST lovers

Here is a list of all the AC buses operating in Mumbairsrikanth05 said:



There's a rolled up taurpaulin sheet which you can tie down.

Click to expand...

That was in the 90s. Most buses have sliding glass windows now.500px | flickr  |Cars that are totally modified (not allowed on the streets), or build from scratch, just for drag race.

LITHUANIABangladesh importers scramble for older cars 

DHAKA, June 17 (Reuters) - Bangladeshi car importers have urged the country's army-backed interim government to allow older vehicles in to keep them affordable to buyers, the head of the vehicle importers' association said on Sunday. 

Currently they can import cars already used for four years. "But we urged the government to allow us bring in cars used for six years or more, which will lower costs by up to 40 percent," said Abdul Haque, president of Bangladesh Reconditioned Vehicles Importers and Dealers' Association. 

He also urged the government to waive an up to 350 percent supplementary duty proposed on the import of microbuses, which comprise 15 percent of all used vehicles imported in Bangladesh every year. 

The exorbitantly high tariff on microbus was proposed by the government's finance adviser Mirza Azizul Islam when he unveiled a $12.6 billion annual budget for 2007/08 fiscal earlier this month. 

Islam, however, proposed to cut import duty on other used cars from 89 percent to 78 percent, which the importers felt was still high. 

The high tariff, soaring fuel prices and an age cap on import of old cars would shrink the business and reduce the number of domestic buyers, Haque told Reuters. 

He said he believed the government would reconsider their proposals before the new budget takes effect on July 1. 

Microbuses are commonly used by offices, educational institutions and in social or family functions. 

"If the proposed supplementary duty is implemented, the cost of a second-hand microbus will go up between 400,000 taka and 900,000 taka, depending on their size and brand," Haque said. 

Previously, no supplementary duty was charged on microbuses. 

"Now anyone would find it hard to afford a microbus, which would be among the costliest," Haque said. 

He said even countries such as Britain, Australia, Saudi Arabia and Thailand allowed import of 12 to 18-year old cars, he said. 

"The rules should be more relaxed in Bangladesh." 

The government, struggling to boost revenue to cut dependence on foreign aid, so far has not responded to the car importers' pleas. 

Some 200 Bangladeshi importers bring in 8,000 or more reconditioned vehicles every year. More than 90 percent of the cars on Bangladesh roads are Japanese, mostly Toyotas. 

The cost of cars are generally too high in Bangladesh, where nearly half of its more than 140 million people still live on less than a dollar a day. 

But things in the capital Dhaka are different from its other major cities. Traffic officials estimate more than 40,000 vehicles run in Dhaka, a city of 10 million, with 7,000 vehicles added every year. ($1 = 69.00 taka)World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatBangladesh Considers Importing Older Cars for Affordability 

WOW!! Great News!!Now you can star importing vehicules from some Asian contrys trying to get rid of the older cars.

The SUV,Great for heavy loads and comfortable for the kids!


Shot at 2007-07-15

Hybrid Car. Great on Gas!! and nice trunk space.
horse power you ask? well.....2!


Shot at 2007-07-15

Compact model.perfect for students.

Shot at 2007-07-15

This unique model is exellent for heavy work! just make shure not to overload.


Shot at 2007-07-15


ITS JUST A JOKE ..OK:nuts:"It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees."
--Emiliano Zapata,Mexican Revolutionary^^ :lol: i really laughed at that!!!Those pictures aren't from Bangladesh 

One thing is however crazy though, the tax. My cousin in Bangladesh just bought a regular lexus and he had to pay 400% tax on it. And thats just a regular car. If you want to buy porche's or other high end cars you could pay up to a 1000% tax.I wonder if Bangladeshis pay the same tax on cars imported from India, because I know B-Desh imports alot of buses and 3 wheelers from India. Wonder what the duty is on those.:tongue4::colgate::nuts::lol:Toyota EstimaFeb. 14, 2017
Cheap solar ambulances to speed into service in rural Bangladesh
Excerpt

DHAKA (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - An inexpensive, solar-powered ambulance that can fit down narrow laneways is set to hit the road in rural Bangladesh this year, its manufacturers say.

The three-wheeled van, as well-equipped as ambulances used in Bangladesh’s cities, runs entirely on solar power – including solar battery power at night – and can be used in rural areas with no grid electricity, according to the developers.

A Bangladeshi university, a government organization and a local vehicle manufacturer who are collaborating on the vehicle say it should for the first time bring ambulance service to rural areas without it.

The vehicle is in the field testing stage and there are plans to launch it by the end of 2017.

In many rural areas, emergency patients are often taken to hospital in hand-pulled rickshaw vans. But the new, small three-wheeler ambulance will fit along narrow roads in rural areas where it is difficult for larger ambulances to run.

Zahidul Islam, a farmer in Saturia in Manikgonj district, said that when his first child was born his wife had a difficult delivery and was taken to the nearby clinic in a hand-pulled rickshaw – a trip that took too much time.

“If I had taken her to hospital a little earlier, she would have had fewer complications,” he said. But larger vehicles could not reach his house, he said.

He believes that faster, smaller ambulances would be helpful for rural people.

More : https://www.reuters.com/article/us-...nto-service-in-rural-bangladesh-idUSKBN15T1APWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatReally wonderfulVery NeccessaryDETROIT, Michigan, May 2, 2006 (AFP) - As concerns mount over soaring gasoline prices and the United States' dependence on foreign oil, ethanol is emerging as a controversial balm for the nation's growing energy problem. 

Politicians and automakers say the corn-based biofuel can reduce demand for gasoline. By using more ethanol, advocates say, gasoline (petrol) prices would come down, air quality would improve, and American farmers would benefit. 

But some critics say there are far more effective alternatives than a fuel which requires massive energy inputs to produce. 

"I wish ethanol were everything that advocates say it is, but it is terrible that this has been latched on to and proposed to be a solution to our liquid fuels problem," said David Pimentel, a Cornell University ecology and agricultural sciences professor.In this thread we can show each other what are we usually driving and what we drove in the past.

Here's my list:

I usually drive my parents cars:

2008 Chevrolet Aveo sedan - 1.4 petrol engine, 94 hp









2005 Renault Clio sedan - 1.5 diesel engine, 78 hp









Cars that I drove in the past (as far as I can remember):
Audi 80
Dacia SupeRNova
Dacia SupeRNova - driving school
ARO IMS - old car (1952) without brakes
Renault 19
Opel Kadett
VW Passat
Opel Corsa
Renault Laguna
Dacia Logan
Dacia Sandero
Dacia 1310 pick-up
Toyota Corolla
Ford F-150
Mazda MPV
Seat CordobaLived, Been, Drove in: A B BG BiH CH CY CZ D DK E F FIN FL GBZ GR H HR I IL IRL L LT M MK MNE NL P PL RO RSM RUS S SK SLO SRB TR UK V
+ Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia, Morocco, New Zealand, Singapore, United Arab Emirates & United States of America
my clinched highwaysthis thread will be funny




old car (1952) without brakes

Click to expand...



so with chevrolet you are overtaking all the vehicles on your videos?My dads car : Opel vectra 1.8 GTS 140 hp







Cars that i drove in the past ( from Test drives or Rental cars)

Audi A4 B7 and B8 1.8 TFSI Quattro S-line ( rental )
Seat Leon 1.4 ( rental )
Seat Ibiza 1.2 ( rental )
Alfa Romeo 159 1.8 ( rental )
Hyundai i10 ( rental )
BMW E90 316i ( rental )
Alfa Romeo Giuletta 1.4 multiair ( test drive )
VW passat 1.8 TSI ( test drive )
VW Golf GTI ( test drive )L'Ecosse doit pas quitter l'union européenne!Now, I'm driving KIA RIO 2007 1.5 diesel engine, 110 hp









In the past I drove Ford Escrot 1997 1.6 petrol engine 97 hp2008 VW Passat V6 FSI 4MotionI am the eye in the sky, Looking at you 
I can read your mind 
I am the maker of rules, Dealing with fools 
I can cheat you blind.My 2004 Ford Ranger is my principal mode of transportation. V 6 petrol engine. Part time 4X4 (electronic shift), 4spd manual w/OD (No wussmatics for this member :tongue2:  ) The truck is loaded down for work and the revolving light is a magnet mount, so it can be taken off if I don't need it.

















My most recent acquisition, a 2009 Yamaha WR250R that I bought new this spring. (Surplus stock) Too bad it's been a cruddy summer weather wise.Resident Rouge/Assasin who is a flag wolfess on the side and would love to live in the Netherlands.I can't drive yet... but when next year I get the driving license, I will drive a 1999 Honda Civic that currently my parents are driving and I saw since I was a kid!New signature TBD2004 Volvo XC70Interesting times, eh?2003 Mercedes-Benz E500










It was funny, a few months ago I was actually looking at the brand new Sentra's and Versa's but when I saw this at the dealership, I knew I had to have this. Plus, I dont like the way the new Nissan's look but hey, who cares, a used car is just as good as a new car anyways.Subscribe to YOUTUBE channel-
https://www.youtube.com/c/kingneutral1Still drive a 2007 Peugeot 407 2.0.take a ride on slovenian highways​I have:

VW Golf IV 1.6 from 2001I own a 2004 Renault Kangoo for tax reasons. Commercial vans from 2004 or before were excluded from purchase tax, which saves 42% of the price. I only had to pay VAT (19%). It is also cheap in insurance (all-risk) and road tax.

I wanted to drive a post-2003 turbodiesel car because of my mileage, and I wanted airconditioning. I eventually bought this Renault Kangoo over 2 years ago. I've driven 47.000 kilometers in the past 27 months with it.highway photography @ FlickrThis is my car: Opel Corsa D from 2007.

15052010_001 by OMC_RO, on FlickrVerso said:



Still drive a 2007 Peugeot 407 2.0.

Click to expand...

nice progress Verso. from 405 to 407 in a couple of years kay:

I live in France, so my car is Renault.  Laguna 1.6 110 hp year 1998.










now, isn't that a great shot. anybody would guess where was it taken? 










I drive also Audi A6 C6 2.0 TDI occasionaly, its my dads. good wagen.wait a minute, isn't that behind bogdymol's chevreolet view on Izola (Slo) ??
http://maps.google.com/?ie=UTF8&ll=...2,13.635578&cbp=12,0,,0,5&photoid=po-35305271I don't have my drivers license yet. Yet I have 4 bikes, of which 2 still workMy Flickr account.
Some of my photoseries: Northern Ireland, Prague, Boston, Alaska part 1, 2, 3, Smoggy Moscow, Warsaw, Wrocław, Kiev, Donetsk, Odessa and Chişinău.Renault Clio or Peugeot 306 (Estate), both 1998 but still somehow working ;DHonda Accord 1.8 (y. 2000) with complete equipment and 255.000 km currently. It still has some years to serve me. Next one will almost certainly be an Accord too, of course not new.hofburg said:



nice progress Verso. from 405 to 407 in a couple of years kay:

Click to expand...

I've been driving a 407 since 2007. 



hofburg said:



wait a minute, isn't that behind bogdymol's chevreolet view on Izola (Slo) ??
http://maps.google.com/?ie=UTF8&ll=...2,13.635578&cbp=12,0,,0,5&photoid=po-35305271

Click to expand...

Hmm, excellent observation.take a ride on slovenian highways​I drive a 2001 Toyota Corolla with Manual Transmission (similar to this).*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Hello everyone,

I am hoping to write a thesis next year to complete my B.Sc. in Urban Planning and I have been doing some brainstorming lately about what topics I can write about in my paper. Of course I have been considering topics which also interest me personally, so as someone who is a big aviation fan aka AvGeek, I thought about Aerotropolis or Airport Cities as a central discussion topic for my paper. 

Urban Transformation of Aviation Hubs into Urban Tourism Hubs... 

Or perhaps a comparative study of inner-city airports vs outer-city airports and their effects/impacts on urban growth could also be an interesting theme to discuss?

I also like transportation planning, i.e. sustainable urban transportation or developing an efficient public transport system in a third world developing megacity for example.

Many megacities in Asia still lack adequate and efficient public transportation system, forcing the well-off and middle-class into buying cars to move around. This could be a very interesting topic to discuss too perhaps.

The thing is, although I have several ideas for topics to choose, I am struggling to find a good question/discussion topic. I need something concrete and catchy.

If you guys could help me to come up with a nice discussion topic for my paper, I would definitely appreciate that a lot and that would really help me a lot to get started 

Perhaps someone here who thought about what they would like to change in their cities? or someone who actually studied and/or are involved in urban planning? 

Thanks everyone and cheers! :cheers:www.thousandmilestotouchdown.com

Like/Follow My Travel Photography

https://www.facebook.com/ThousandMilesTouchdown/
https://www.instagram.com/1000milestotouchdown/​I don't think we have a topic discussing and posting photos of electrical transmission infrastructure i.e. pylons/towers, substations, etc - do we?For England...

L6 pylons are the largest design that came about in the 1960s..."BEFORE WE MARRY...I HAVE A SECRET!"

I <3 London^^ Nice pic.

This seems to be a good site explaining pylon types (specifically in the UK)

http://www.gorge.org/pylons/structure.shtmlL6 river crossing in Scotland..."BEFORE WE MARRY...I HAVE A SECRET!"

I <3 LondonSome diagrams of the different power poles that can be seen in the US.










I should also note that North America uses a different electric current than Europe (usually around 120 V 60 Hz).*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​What's intriguing, though, is what determines the design of the various styles of the lattice 500kV and 500/230kV pole pylonsgannman1975 said:



 What's intriguing, though, is what determines the design of the various styles of the lattice 500kV and 500/230kV pole pylons

Click to expand...

I'm never too sure, as in the UK we use the lattice design for all pylons. Only a small number of poles exist and that is only due to local people wanting them to change due to their impact on the view etc"BEFORE WE MARRY...I HAVE A SECRET!"

I <3 Londondiablo234 said:



Some diagrams of the different power poles that can be seen in the US.










I should also note that North America uses a different electric current than Europe (usually around 120 V 60 Hz).

Click to expand...

I like the 500kV the most.The Flat Earth Society has members all around the globe. Join now.This would make for some interesting pylon landscapes:

http://www.choishine.com/port_projects/landsnet/landsnet.htmlFor some reason, I find them looking a bit creepy"BEFORE WE MARRY...I HAVE A SECRET!"

I <3 LondonThere is a creepiness factor!weren't they designed by a Dane ?Alseimik said:



weren't they designed by a Dane ?

Click to expand...

Can't tell by the website. They may well be, but the company in the website is from Brookline, MA USA.Good pic.Here's an example of a crossing, where the ZZA line (a line of 275 kV L2 pylons from Tynemouth to Lackenby) passes under the 4TF line (a dual-voltage 275/400 kV L6 line from Hawthorn Pit to Norton).New pylon type for 380kV line in the Netherlands:









Common (older) type:-- 
Lapinisme blijft relevant...In Norway, this pylon is the one most commonly used for the highest voltages:


power lines by Lazy T. Joe, on Flickr

This type is also common:


Monstermaster by seljes, on Flickr

Other types:

Tower of Power by Ronel Reyes, on Flickr


Power lines at Smøla Wind Farm by Statkraft, on Flickr


Høyspentmaster Gaustaråen by grotbekk, on Flickr


pylon by hooge048, on Flickr


Man v. Nature by doc hat, on FlickrI've just modified a Google Earth file posted on the Pylon Appreciation Society forum, so you can now see all the supergrid routes in England and Wales, colour-coded by tower type! Clicking on a line will give you the route code and voltage. (Note the original data set was from 2008, so the old L66 route from Spennymoor to Norton is still there...)

L66 towers
L2 towers
L3 towers
L6 towers
L8 towers
L12 towers
L34 towers (these are similar to the Norwegian ones on suburbicide's second photo)Here's one also interesting:










But I like a new pylon type for 380kV line in the Netherlands from julesstoop, very interesting and modern..Learn english online with Saundz!nice pic.. Thanks for thisHire SEO Expert|Hire SEO SpecialistAn official state car is a car used by a government to transport its head of state or head of government in an official capacity, which may also be used occasionally to transport other members of the government or visiting dignitaries from other countries. 

For me the most recognized state cars are from the USA, UK and Russia. What kind of state car(s) does your country use?Trumps presidential car, The Beast
Cadillac



















SourceThe Queens Limousine
Bentley


The Queen in her Bentley on The Mall by Ian Press, on Flickr


The Queens Bentley by metrogogo, on FlickrPutins limousine
Aurus Senat



















sourceDutch King Willem Alexander  
stretched Audi A8Japanese Imperial State car
Toyota 


2006 Toyota Century Royal -  by Omawari san, on Flickr


The Emperor & Empress motorcade by Omawari san, on FlickrMacri's Presidential car (Argentina)
Mercedes-Benz Vito




























Source


Argentina used to have a special license plate formerly:









Source









SourceEl hilo de las barrancas y lomas de QUILMES (actualizado miércoles 5 de octubre)







QUILMES|ARGENTINAGrybauskaitė's car
LithuaniaMujica's Car (Uruguay)
Volkswagen beetle - Fusca




























:check:📷 
:check:📷──────＄▄▄██̸͠͡▄̃▄＄─────
─────＄─╔╡╨╨╞╗─＄───────
──────＄─└╥╥┘─＄────────
───────＄─╝╚─＄─────────Background
In places with extreme swings in temperatures between seasons, road pavement can easily buckle, resulting in potholes when the weather warms. How does your city cope with this problem, from both a preventative (technology) and detective (fixing) standpoints?

Shorter winter curbs crater toll
March 22, 2007 
Jack Lakey
Toronto Star Staff Reporter










It's pothole season, and the driving is bumpy.

But believe it or not – and a lot of you won't – potholes this year aren't as bad as in 2006, and nowhere near the scourge they were two years ago.

The city has the numbers to prove it, and so do we.

Last week, we asked readers to tell us about the worst potholes around the GTA. We received upwards of 100 responses, replete with details of bone-rattling, car-shaking encounters with craters that caused flat tires, bent rims, damaged suspensions and short tempers.

"The entire street is a disaster!" said Sandra Gaspar, describing Frimette Cres., a residential street near Eglinton Ave. W. and Scarlett Rd., in an email. We checked; she's right.

Utility cuts, made in the road to allow access to pipes and wires, prompted an email from Scott Delaney, saying the northbound curb lane of Dufferin St., between Dupont St. and Davenport Rd., is "atrocious," due to deterioration of asphalt patches. "Why are the utility companies allowed to do such pathetic repair work?"

Cortney Cassidy sent an email describing a driver's encounter with a water-filled "nightmare" in the curb lane of Eglinton Ave. E., near Mt. Pleasant Rd. She, as a pedestrian, got the worst of it. When the vehicle hit the pothole, it "splooshed me like no other, when I was walking by the other day!" My friend was sitting in the Swiss Chalet, laughing hysterically because I didn't see it coming."

There's an abundance of evidence from readers that the 2007 pothole crop is as bounteous as ever, but the numbers suggest otherwise.

In 2005, a long, bitterly cold winter with lots of snow, Toronto logged about 6,400 road and sidewalk "service requests" as of March 15, most about potholes, says Roberto Stopnicki, a director of transportation services.

In 2006, service requests to March 15 dropped by half, about 3,200. As of March 15, 2007, requests were around 1,300, about 20 per cent of the 2005 figure.

The condition of local roads doesn't seem better, and that's being polite. So what's different over the last two years?

"The severity of the pothole problem is usually a reflection of the kind of winter we've had," said Stopnicki. "When you hit one, you don't care how many there are on the road; you're bothered by it, and we understand that. But what we know – because we have the numbers and are looking at the bigger picture – is that this year, potholes are just not as serious a problem as in previous years."

We've also noticed a decline in pothole complaints to The Fixer over the past two years.

In 2005, we received 326 pothole complaints, 104 logged in January and February – an earlier than normal start to pothole season. 

More than 50 came in the third week of February alone.

Last year, we'd received just 50 complaints up to March 18. So far in 2007, complaints totalled 38, prior to asking readers last week to tell us about them.

In 2005, winter arrived in November and continued well into March, which Stopnicki says was the main cause of the huge number of potholes.

Last winter, December and February provided regular winter weather, while the rest of the season was exceptionally mild.

In 2007, winter didn't arrive until mid-January. While temperatures since have been colder than average, snowfall was lower, lessening the effect of seeping moisture, a major factor in potholes' formation, he said. "When our people are not needed for clearing snow from sidewalks and bus stops ..., we can use them to patch potholes and do road repairs." That explains an anomaly in the city's figures on the number patched over in the past three years.

In 2005, about 47,000 potholes were patched, mostly in the early months of the year, but in 2006 – when service requests dropped by half – the number of filled potholes increased to 53,000. As of March 15 this year, 20,200 potholes had been filled.

With the arrival of spring, the problem should ease, but it also creates ideal freeze-and-thaw conditions to grow potholes.

With about 30 patching crews – about 120 people – working full-time, Stopnicki says they're making good progress keeping up with this year's pothole crop.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatI hate those things, but here on Long Island they seem to fix em up pretty fast as soon as winter ends. Just today I saw street cleaning crews clearing the sand they put down for last week's snow. On the other hand there are some potholes that seem to never get fixed.Moving from salt to sand to melt snow on streets should be a major help, and there are some chemical sprays that can do the job these days as well. Some of them can even be used prior to a snowstorm.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatDutch Motorways A1, A12, A28 and A50 have often bad pavement around the forested Veluwe area in winter. Seems to happen there more than other regions.highway photography @ FlickrInteresting article...

On a more personal note, they finally did something about the massive potholes on my street lately. 
The snow literally turned a drive into feeling like you are driving down a dirt road.SkyscraperCity SOOMAALIYAIts a wonder how much money is spent to fix these roads!We complain and complain about the potholes. The city has a hard time hiring people to fix them so currently they have 10 crews going about fixing them, 24 hours a day for the next two months. It's said that Edmonton has about 5,000 potholes a year on its streets. This year there are more since we had more moisture during the winter, so it is around 6,800.The Canadian Prairies​Rural county's £16m pothole bill
Millions of pounds will be spent on repairing potholes in Surrey this year, the county council has said.

The authority said £16m would go on repairing potholes and other road defects under its maintenance scheme.

Problems in Surrey were aggravated by roads built on clay which held water, and lorries using what were originally rural tracks, the council said.

It followed a survey by the Asphalt Industry Alliance which said England had a £1.64bn repair-fund shortfall.

Pounding juggernauts

Surrey's transport strategic director Andy Roberts said: "This report demonstrates that it is not just Surrey's residents who are worried about potholes but we do not take that as an excuse to be complacent.

"During the coming year we will be spending about £16m on potholes and other road defects as part of our overall maintenance programme."

He said many roads in Surrey were built on clay which shrinks in the summer and expands in the wetter months.

This meant that water got under the surface when it was wet, storing up problems for the winter, he explained.

And he said Surrey had twice the national average level of congestion, while many of its rural tracks were originally no more than cart tracks and not built to carry the "juggernauts that pound along them nowadays".

Mr Roberts said ultimately it was the government that needs to recognise "the urgent need to allocate more funding to road maintenance, before our roads deteriorate beyond repair".

But the government has said it gave local authorities £3bn in the past five years to halt the deterioration of roads.

Story from BBC NEWS:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/pr/fr/-/1/hi/england/surrey/6518001.stm

Published: 2007/04/02 11:33:48 GMTWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatApr 6, 2018
Potholes as flower pots? Brussels protester brightens up damaged roads
Excerpt

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A Brussels man has begun planting flowers in potholes across the Belgian capital to highlight what he says is the sorry state of many of the city’s roads.

Armed with a bag full of flowers, soil and a small plastic watering can, Anton Schuurmans walks around town planting daffodils or geraniums in every pothole he finds, sometimes braving heavy traffic to reach the middle of busy crossings.

“Pedestrians, bicycles, people with their cars, everybody is being annoyed by these potholes,” said 29-year-old Schuurmans, standing outside Brussels’ gothic cathedral, where he had just planted several flowers.

People stopped and took pictures on their phones as they walked by the flowers, many agreeing that the potholes had become a problem.

“There are many potholes in the street in front of my house, so we hear a lot of noise every evening as people drive over them quickly,” said Mathieu Taziaux, who works in Brussels.

More : https://www.reuters.com/article/bel...ster-brightens-up-damaged-roads-idUSKCN1HD1P8World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatIn this thread, let's collect information concerning the most commonly seen foreign vehicle registrations in our respective countries. Feel free to add pictures or give reasons why plates of this or that country are on top of the list. It would be also interesting to know whether there are large differences between different vehicle categories (e.g. passenger car / truck).

To start:
In both Hungary and Switzerland, presumably the most common foreign plates (at least regarding passenger cars) are the ubiquitous German ones. Though in Hungary these could already be outnumbered by Romanian, Italian and Spanish plates, chiefly belonging to Romanian guest workers (thru traffic).

For trucks, it is difficult to say ... in Hungary, certainly not Western ones. Romanian plates could lead here as well.

In Germany? Presumably Polish plates (car & truck) - or Dutch for cars in the holiday season :lol:Knegte van die Allerhoogste, teen die hele wêreld vry. Bondsmen only to the Highest and before the whole world free.

- Die Stem van Suid-AfrikaIn the UK: Belgium, Lithuania and Poland

In Portugal: Luxembourg, France and AndorraIn my province: French cars, of course. We have France at the other side of the mountains . Though I haven't seen any French car for a while now.New signature TBDThe Netherlands: German and Polish license plates. Belgian and French plates are also common, Luxembourg plates are not. Other plates depend somewhat on the region you're in, in the east you'll see many Ukrainian, Belarusian and Russian plates, in the north Lithuanian, Latvian and Estonian plates are quite common, and in the south Hungarian, Bulgarian and Romanian plates dominate.highway photography @ Flickrif i make average during the whole year, then in HR the most numerous are BIH, I, SLO, D plates. after them are CH, A, H, SRB and i should count TR trucks on A3. in summer season beside mentioned there is a plenty of NL, B, F, DK, S, RO, CZ, SK and PL plates.Svaki dan sanjam autobahn...​*my clinched motorways*​In Italy: well it depends. In Trentino Alto Adige, Veneto and Eastern Lombardy German ones outnumber by far any other nationality. In Emilia-Romagna San Marino ones are quite common, while in Marche lots of Dutch cars and Greek trucks (due to Ancona port).

In Germany: I cannot make a comprehensive statement, but in Munich area many nationalities are represented. The most numerous ones are Austrian, Polish and Czech, but Italians also are many.My clinched highways
My euro banknotes
My climbed mountains
My taken flightsIn the UK I would say Irish are probably the most common, although Polish might be just as common. After that LT and LV are surprisingly common for their size. France is quite rare for a neighbour and like everywhere else their seems to be more from Luxembourg than Belgium.My answer to this is buried somewhere in the other license plate thread. 

EDIT: Found it -

http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showpost.php?p=57298387&postcount=626Posted by Mark Twain:

Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.

Click to expand...

DRIVEN IN BEEN IN:
AL CA CT DE DC FL GA ID IL IN KY ME MD MA MI MN MO MT NH NJ NY NC ND OH OR PA RI SC SD TN UT VT VA WA WV WI WY ---
AB BC MB NB NS ON PE QC SK ---
A B CH D F GB I L NLIn Latvia: Mostly Estonian, Lithuanian, alot of Russian plates in summer, and Polish, German and English plates are also common.Latvian highway & expressway thread.​
My clinched highways in Latvia (updated May 2019), Lithuania (updated Sep 2018), 
Poland & Estonia (updated May 2018).​As logical is, that in the border region of the country will be spotted tables of neighboring states, however, what would be interesting is to sort the tables by the presence of foreign ones that are most commonly encountered by those who have seen only one example. At the same time I think about whole country and not parts of the country. Such data have cross-border service and we can only speculate. In Bosnia like exemple, HR and SRB are dominated neighboring tables, and which one is more spotted difficult to say. Order is continue I think D A SLO I CH S F NL DK B and in the summer season we can see often PL H SK CZEStainless said:



In the UK I would say Irish are probably the most common, although Polish might be just as common. After that LT and LV are surprisingly common for their size. France is quite rare for a neighbour and like everywhere else their seems to be more from Luxembourg than Belgium.

Click to expand...

Where abouts in the UK do you live? In London I rarely see Irish platesIn South Wales I'd say Ireland and France are easily the most common, followed by Germany/Poland, then probably Netherlands/Spain, anything else is only occasional.Of course, many Dutch plates since I live pretty close to the border, but closely followed by Polish plates. Many British plates around here, too, resting remains of the huge presence of British troops and personnel in this area. Belgium, strangely, not so far away from here, is not so frequent, but also seen a lot.

Btw: You know what happens when you fail the driving test three times in a row in the Netherlands? Well, you're finally allowed to drive, but you have to use yellow coloured number plates.I live in the Canadian province of British Columbia, so I see the following plates:

The Canadian provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Ontario. I've also seen plates from Quebec, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick the Yukon and North West Territories. I have seen, once on each occasion, plates from Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland/Labrador.

From the United States I see the following most often: Washington State, Alaska and California. Less common are Oregon, New York (State), Texas, Georgia (US State) and Louisiana.

From elsewhere in North America (I was living in Northern Alberta at the time): Chihuahua State in Mexico.

From Overseas: Germany and Switzerland. Less often seen: The Netherlands, Denmark and France.Resident Rouge/Assasin who is a flag wolfess on the side and would love to live in the Netherlands.DanielFigFoz said:



Where abouts in the UK do you live? In London I rarely see Irish plates

Click to expand...

Bristol. Irish plates are mainly seen on the M4 heading towards Wales. I think also that touristy areas have quite a few Dutch and German plates.British plates are the most I have seen here in NZ. Second most common would be the US as I have seen Michigan, Texas, California and Minnesota plates."You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place." -Vladimir PutinIn South Florida (Miami Metropolitan Area) I see a lot of Canadian plates, Quebec, Toronto, followed by Mexico City, and some European plates as well.Alqaszar said:



Btw: You know what happens when you fail the driving test three times in a row in the Netherlands? Well, you're finally allowed to drive, but you have to use yellow coloured number plates.



Click to expand...

You're confusing the Netherlands with France, F means failed for driving test.highway photography @ FlickrIn Scotland number plates from the Netherlands (and to a lesser extent Belgium) are very common especially in the West Highlands perhaps due to the ferry link between Rosyth and Zeebrugge.

:cheers2:In Bosnia

Croatian










Serbian










Austrian










Slovenian










German










Switzerland










Sweden










Italy










in summer lot of CZ, PL, SK and HWachau , Guetta - Zagreb, Saraj'vo, Travnička hronika, Makedonija, Vienna calling,  Београд - Яeloaded  NEW 

█ █ █São Paulo, Brazil 

There are 14.457 buses in São Paulo. Bus lines are metro integrated.#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Curitiba, Brazil

There are 1.285 city buses#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Brasilia, Brazil

There are 2.848 city buses#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Rio de Janeiro, Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”xrtn2 said:



São Paulo, Brazil 

There are 14.457 buses in São Paulo. Bus lines are metro integrated.


































































































































































































































Click to expand...

A.DÑ. XQ AX 1.. ña^^ ??#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Belo Horizonte, Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Porto Alegre, Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Caxias Do Sul, Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Canoas, Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”São PAULO, Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Curitiba, Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”There are a lot in Bogotá, but the most I like it is...


Dual Hibrid Bus
Transmilenio








Saludos!​Yo ♥ Bogotá!​@nyko​Santa Fé de Bogotá​​| SITP | ElDorado | Advances  | Maps Engine | Civil Works
LatinAmerica Over 100 Meters! - The List
​https://jalopnik.com/highway-noise-barriers-are-a-lie-1827833859













In theory, noise barriers seem to make sense, since constructing a giant concrete wall between the offending roadway and the property nearby does block some noise just beyond the wall. But acoustics experts say that the problems start after that.

Have a look at this graphic produced by the Wisconsin Department of Transportation and dug up by Undark in their recent(ish) deep dive on the subject:

That shows what you might assume, that the greatest beficiaries of the noise barriers are those that are closest to them. More interesting, Undark found, is that, on top of not decreasing noise the farther you live away, the noise barriers might also amplify sounds in those areas as well.

Click to expand...Visit the:
Japan Thread
Good News Thread
Cats Thread
Dogs ThreadGyeonggi-do (province) has begun feasibility studies on building a mammoth underwater tunnel connecting Korea to China, a province official said Sunday (Feb/ 17).

Lee Han-joon, a chief policy advisor to the province, said in a conference held aboard a ferry heading from Pyeongtaek in Korea’s Gyeonggi-do to Rongchen, China, that a detailed review on the engineering that would be involved in the construction is being reviewed.

In addition, the overall cost and time required to complete the task are being examined, he said, adding that the benefits that can be derived from the ambitious project will receive key attention.

"This project requires long-term political and diplomatic planning on the part of the governments of Korea and China, with Gyeonggi-do offering a reference point by conducting the review," Lee said.

Pyeongtaek, located 70 kilometers south of Seoul, is a port being developed as the new logistics hub of central Korea.

Lee said that while the total length of the underwater tunnel connecting Pyeongtaek with Weihei on the Shandong Peninsula would be 375 kilometers, the average depth of the Yellow Sea along the length on the planned tunnel is about 40 meters, with its deepest point reaching 73 meters, making the construction of the tunnel possible from an engineering standpoint.

The engineer then said that Korea and China could build man-made islands near their shores that could be connected to their respective mainlands by bridge, with the remainder of the project being built by linking tunnels and more man-made islands.

Lee said that smaller-sized islands placed every 25 kilometers apart could be used as emergency exits for evacuating users in case of unforeseen developments, while a larger island located midway in the tunnel could be used as a new tourist attraction.

In addition, the official said some Chinese think tanks are conducting their own separate feasibility study on the plan.

Related to this, Gyeonggi-do Governor Kim Moon-soo said that with China’s emergence as an economic power, an underwater tunnel linking the two countries would be of considerable value.

However, he said that at present, the project is nothing more than a long-term plan that needs a lot of work.

http://www.kois.go.kr/news/news/newsView.asp?serial_no=20080218001&part=102&SearchDay=&page=1Jonathan and Charlotte - Britain's Got Talent 2012 Live Semi Final 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eEc2WxCUcY

It's China's world, we just live in it.if the water is really just 40 m deep over the whole distance, they could just build a huge railroad embankement by filling up a 100m wide, and 50 m "tall" (10m above the water line) dam betwenn China and Korea.
They could use the same land reclamation technique, that was used in Dubai for reclaiming the Palm Islands, which are located in an area, where the sea is also about 40 meters deep.

And then maybe build 4-5 really huge bridges at various points over the whole distance, so that big ships can pass.

I guess it would be cheaper and more flexible than a tunnel, or not?GERMANY SUXdeletedoh yeah....this has a good chance of being built. :|

i'll believe it when i see it.Yeah... And with all those faults so close (Japan with all their earthquakes)

Good luck with that!Farewell Texas Stadium
1971-2008

Principle 27: The burden of debt is as destructive to freedom as subjugation by conquest.
-28 Principles of Freedom

"Political correctness does not legislate tolerance; it only organizes hatred."
-Jacques BarzunYou're so upbeat dude.

I think this tunnel has a big chance of happening, anything that is technically possible will get built in North East Asia.

I wonder which one of these under-sea tunnels will be built first:

1. China - Taiwan

2. China - South Korea

3. South Korea - Japan"I drink to make other people interesting"

George Jean NathanSimply amazing. It will be very close to the proposed tunnel linking Yantai (Shandong) with Dalian (Liaoning)








http://www.ciobinternational.org/news/view/1277

Budget? Use (expressway, railway)?What is dead may never die, but rises again, harder and stronger.

More than 300 supertall projects on going in China.​There is a similar post but on the tunnel between Korea-Japan, honestly I doubt either of them will be built, not just because of past political history or tension but also because of the cost...on another note: I do think the Kra Canal in Thailand should be built as then shipping time will decrease for transport going to East Asia.Knowledge is KING340km tunnel...impossible 








http://pulsenews.co.kr/view.php?year=2015&no=1021787The shortest distance would be to connect it with N Korea, not S Korea. Since N Korea and S Korea relations have significantly improved, such would be a good project to make a permanent connection between the South and North. It should be a peace project. The tunnel would connect to the eastern most point of the DPRK (near to Changyon), and from there it can connect both Pyongyang and Seoul. So give peace a chance!

Other considerations are the design. Two aspects are important:

1. The shortest distance between China and Korea is still 192 km, for a tunnel to dig that is quite large (and expansive!).
2. The Yellow sea is quite shallow (44 m average; 152 m maximum) allowing other options.
4. Yellow sea has high altitide difference between low and high tides (4 - 8 m at some location) so would be opportunity for building a tidal power plant.

So, the shallow parts could be covered with a dam (which is also a tidal barage). The deeper parts could be covered with an underwater/submerged tunnel design, either floating (adding an outer tunnel with buoyance, attached to the sea floor) or resting on underwater bridge. Minimum depth onder low tide sea level some 30 m (Chinamax = 24 m), so pillars would not much larger then some 120 m.

If added a seperate thread to discuss such a novel design and approach (both the submerged tunnel idea and the tidal power generation idea as part of the design). See: https://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?p=149622599

NB. Of course the ecological impacts of a design that would change the tidal flows should be studied in depth before any design plan is implemented, and the design should change accordingly to mitigate any negative impacts on the environment as much as possible.Zaz965 said:



340km tunnel...impossible 








http://pulsenews.co.kr/view.php?year=2015&no=1021787

Click to expand...

That distance would be quite long! Around 321 km. 

A shorter distance would be to connect it to the eastern most part of DPRK (N Korea) near the city of Changyon, the distance is then reduced to 192 km. I did not include there the possibility of connecting the island of Byangyengdo (belongs to S Korea but disputed by N Korea) which would slighly reduce the distance to 178 km for the longest strech (but then a connection still needed with mainland DPRK.

The location would be ideal, because nicely in between Pyongyang and Seoul. Distance from shore location to Pyongyang: some 165 km. To Seoul: some 230 km.

Now, before a final decission is made, given the thawn between N Korea and S Korea, it would be a good idea to propose the shorter distance to N Korea, and make it a combined peace project!

It would add a glance to the improved relations between the two Koreas as it would add a permanent connection between S Korea and N Korea. It would put the peace between Koreas into stone, so to speak.

Give peace a chance!

PS. An overland connection mainland China - S Korea through N Korea should of course be built first! Highspeed rail also of course!Lightness said:



You're so upbeat dude.

I think this tunnel has a big chance of happening, anything that is technically possible will get built in North East Asia.

I wonder which one of these under-sea tunnels will be built first:

1. China - Taiwan

2. China - South Korea

3. South Korea - Japan

Click to expand...

The first to be built would be China-China (Yantai-Dalian). But I would advice them to reconsider the design, as cheaper construction would be possible. Like for instance: submerged tunnel design (and/or partial dam the strait, connecting the small islands in between - furthest point is 65 km from Yantai shore).pflo777 said:



if the water is really just 40 m deep over the whole distance, they could just build a huge railroad embankement by filling up a 100m wide, and 50 m "tall" (10m above the water line) dam betwenn China and Korea.
They could use the same land reclamation technique, that was used in Dubai for reclaiming the Palm Islands, which are located in an area, where the sea is also about 40 meters deep.

And then maybe build 4-5 really huge bridges at various points over the whole distance, so that big ships can pass.

I guess it would be cheaper and more flexible than a tunnel, or not?

Click to expand...

It would block the shipping lanes and also it would alter the sea streams very drastically, harming the environment.

A better solution:

If the tunnel height itself is lets say 10 m, and there needs to be a 30 m or so space below the sea surface (low tide) to allow any size ships to pass over (Chinamax = 24 m), one could propose a combination of:
a. Trench digged to reach 40 m waterdepth.
b. Dam to heighten the underwater ground level to also 40 m waterdept in not to deep waters (up to say 50-60 m waterdepth).
c. Underwater bridge or pilar or support structure to bridge deeper water passages, also at 40 m below sea level.

Water level as measured from low tide.

Additionally, as this sea has high altitude difference between low and high tide and there is large tidal stream, there would be opportunities for harvesting tidal power too.
A partial tidal dam or barrage would be possible too, but requires ecological studies to prevent harming the environment.a waste of money.
Trump is doing what no one has ever done before and is bringing peace to the Korean peninsula. Obama couldnt do it, China didnt want to do it, but Trump is doing it.

then the underwater bridge is pointless. just go north into North Korea then south. easy peasy.MerynnTrant said:



a waste of money.
Trump is doing what no one has ever done before and is bringing peace to the Korean peninsula. Obama couldnt do it, China didnt want to do it, but Trump is doing it.

then the underwater bridge is pointless. just go north into North Korea then south. easy peasy.

Click to expand...

maybe. there's the Tokyo bay aqua line near here..

it connects Eastern Tokyo to the peninsular part of Chiba. In some ways it kind of looks like China and Korea.. with Tokyo being where China would be.. and Chiba being the Korean Peninsula. but the scale is much smaller, its not even a tenth of the distance of this proposed tunnel..and it was very expensive. Hardly anyone uses it because the toll to use it is ridiculous. Most people would rather just take the train and go around the bay.Visit the:
Japan Thread
Good News Thread
Cats Thread
Dogs ThreadHave you spotted somewhere wreck or abandoned cars? Post your pics! I start with a couple....

Iveco Turbo Daily in Milano









Alfa Romeo Giulietta near ParmaSpotted in Lefkada (Greece)

Yugo 45









Mercedes-Benz 190 E









Seat Ibiza









Mazda T3000









Mercedes-Benz









Mazda pick-up ?









Volkswagen Passat ?









Lada 2105Nice!The Flat Earth Society has members all around the globe. Join now.Still in Lefkada

Dacia 1300


















Mercedes-Benz T2









Alfa Romeo 33









Mercedes-Benz 230









Fiat Uno and unknown car









Citroen Visa









Renault Fuego









Renault 5









Volkswagen Jetta









Opel Rekord









Opel Ascona Sedan









Mitsubishi pick-up









?









USAF Roller^^ The one saying "Opel Corsa Sedan" is wrong, that is an Opel Ascona Sedan, circa 1986.THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOHere is one, can anyone guessTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOThis is a circa 1970 Opel RekordTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOmopc said:



^^ The one saying "Opel Corsa Sedan" is wrong, that is an Opel Ascona Sedan, circa 1986.

Click to expand...

thanks, I corrected itmopc said:



Here is one, can anyone guess









Click to expand...

It's an american car?Some spotted between Mantova and Modena

Fiat Uno









Fiat Ulysse









Peugeot 306 and Renault 5









Ford Fiesta









Honda Prelude, Fiat Ducato (x2)









Lancia Delta









Renault Espace and Renault 5Satyricon84 said:



It's an american car?

Click to expand...

No, it's a Brazilian carTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOHmm... Chevrolet Opala maybe?^^ bingo - and that was easy because the Brazilian Chevrolet Opala is the Brazilian version of the Opel Rekord, also pictured above. And also because the image file name and the picture contain the word Opala heheheeTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOmopc said:



And also because the image file name and the picture contain the word Opala hehehee

Click to expand...

I didn't have notice of it, I was focused on the car :lol:Fiat Uno









Lancia Dedra









Fiat Fiorino









Ford Escort









Volkswagen Scirocco









Renault Megane









Seat Toledo









Toyota Starlet









Bmw 518Fiat Fiorino was a major Brazilian export to Europe in the 80s and 90s, you can see it is Brazilian because the Brazilian Uno-derived family had an envolving hood/bonnet encompassing the side of the front, as opposed to the Italian Unos that had a hood limited to the top side, not spilling to he sides. 

Brazilian









ItalianTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOSpotted today near my townHow do you people really know those cars are abandoned if they are so new that they still have windows and lights intact, not only do they have all their wheels attached (mostly) but their tires are in workable condition, and they're all less than 50 years old? I'm not convinced any car that's still on a road is abandoned unless it's something like that old wreck posted by mopc.

Behold the old Buick of Mill Mountain. The images may be embiggified by means of a click upon them.






There is an ancient road bed a little ways above it.A government's primary duty is to protect and advance the three most fundamental human rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. These rights imply the additional right to prudently guarded stupidity.

Socialism never took root in America because the poor there saw themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires. -John SteinbeckIn Italy, is considerated an abandonded car on a public street if the vehicle shows signs that it can't move or it doesn't have the license plates. If the insurance is expired, the police makes a ticket (art. 181 c.d.s.) for not regular insurance mark. The owner also must to show a regular insurance mark with at least 6 months of insurance cover once the ticket is notified. If he doesn't show, there's a fine of 370 € for no insurance (art. 193 c.d.s). If he doesn't regularize his situation (paying all the fine and the insurance) also the vehicle could be confiscated and removed. The italian civil code (D.M 460/99) says that a vehicle is abandoned when:
A) motor vehicle or trailer without license plate or insurance mark without a theft denunciation 
B) motor vehicle or trailer which doesn't have essential parts for to move without a theft denunciation
C) motor vehicle or trailer parked irregulary for over 60 days without a theft denunciation

A vehicle without license plates, insurance or essential part for to move it could be considerated as special wasteThis car for example, has lights, windows, wheels and engine (just the bumper is little bit damaged). But it doesn't move since 1994...Submerged (floating) tunnel concept (China/Korea/Japan/Russia)

Some time ago a project was announced to build a tunnel under the Yellow sea to connect Dalian with Penglai. The Yellow Sea has a maximum depth of 152 m and is 44 m deep on average. Even a tunnel connecting China with S Korea was proposed. See: http://pulsenews.co.kr/view.php?year=2015&no=1021787 (Although a connection with N Korea would be a bit shorter, but under the current political circumstances impossible, unless of course the peacefull North-South Korean relations really make it possible, we have to see and watch and hpe for the best)

Another interesting aspect of Yellow sea is that it has significant tide difference (4-8m), making it potential location for tidal power station.

This lead me to thinking about a radically new design for a tunnel, one that does not need boring but is submerged (at least 30m under sea surface at low tide to allow maximum ship depth based on ChinaMax - 24 m) and is combined with a tidal power station.

The connection Penglai - Dalian is 105 km (straight line), but several island exists there at about 65 km for the farthest island from Penglai. So, in principle you could connect all those island by a dam (which narrows the distance to 40 km, and instead of digging a tunnel under the remaining strait, one could build a submerged tunnel - either as a buoyant tunnel attached with cables to the sea floor, or as a submerged tunnel attached to an underwater bridge (max height of pilars would be some 120-130 m, seems doable).

At the bottom of the sea (and/or as part of a submerged bridge) tidal power generators can be attached to generate electricity.

The tunnel design would be a tubes-in-a-tube kind of design. For example 2 inner tubes for trains (with linked escape/service tunnel) and 2 inner tubes for cars (with linked escape/service tunnel) and some smaller tubes for e.g. gas/oil/electricy/data links. All these inner tunnels combined fit within a larger outer tube (hul material probably steel?), and the space between can be filled with buoyant (water resisting) material (in case of a floating design), for example expanded polystyrene (EPS) which is lightweight, cheap and water resistant. Inner tunnels can be made from steel or concrete. The whole tunnel must have a tolerance of at least 1% for movement (due to ocean movement and/or as part of the trajectory lay-out), that is for every 100m the tunnel must at least accomodate 1m deviation from a straight line in any direction.

Aspects of this design are:
1. The submerged tunnel should be able to withstand the forces due to earthquake/tsunami (as well as the normal forces due to tidal sea flow, but that is presumably a lot less then the forces caused by earthquake or tsunami) as well as the forces in case of collision with a vessel (submarine or a sinking ship).
2. The tunnel could be built in compartments that can be closed down water tight in case of emergency (tunnel collapse/break or fire), with added escape shafts for each compartment to the sea surface (evacuation shaft to be attached to the compartments after the tunnel is finished for easier construction). Which begs the question: what if a train or car blocks compartment seperation so that closing it is not possible and how to avoid collision with the seperation that closes the compartment, if traffic still moving in the compartment to be closed down...
3. Tunnel construction could be completely on land, building section by section (sections can be prefabricated) and assembled into a compartment of some specified length (approx. 1 - 5 km length) and then pushing (and/or dragging) the new compartment into sea towards the other end/shore. Front part is water sealed (which get removed once the tunnel reaches the other end). 
4. At build site and on other land side first a guiding tunnel is constructed (connecting land level to the appropriate underwater level with at most 1% gradient). On both land ends a trench is digged and a guiding tunnel is built in which the tunnel can be shoved (using gliders or sets of wheels to decrease resistance). 
5. Building is done at one end only, as connecting the two halves midway and underwater would seem difficult (but perhaps not impossible, and it would halve the built time). 
6. During the built the floating tunnel is kept at the appropriate water depth (some 30 m below low tide sea level) by anchoring it with temporary anchors to the sea shore - these temporary anchors have rollers at the tube that allow the tube/tunnel to be shoved further towards the other end while keeping their position and when tunnel build is finished, can be permanently attached to the tunnel/tube.
7. The layout of a tunnel consists of: 
a) sections that make up a compartment. The number of sections that make up a compartment depend on section length and compartment length. E.g. section lengt: 100 m, comparment length 5k, around 50 sections make up a compartment.
b) compartment connectors that connect two compartments and has at both side water tight seals that can be closed in emergency for every inner tunnel. Both parts can be closed in order that a damaged compartment can be taken out as a whole for repair or replacement without causing the rest of the tunnel to flood. A spare compartment is standbye so that replacement can be done quickly.
c) each compartment has in the middle a connector part to which a vertical escape shaft can be connected, which connects the tunnel to some sea level platform (due to tide difference some part of the escape shaft will extend beyond sea level - the platform floats around the escape shaft at just above sea level - just high enough that normal occuring ocean waves are below it). 
Both for the compartment connector (or inner and outer tubes) and the escape shaft connector, some kind of underwater docking mechanism must be developed.
d) Escape shaft will also accomodate ventilation shaft.
e) Inner tubes accomodate the needed traffic links, one for each direction and one escape & service tunnel. Ignoring other service links (like eletricity cables, oil/gas pipelines, data cables) thus a layout can be made of consisting of 3 inner tubes (either car or train) or 6 inner tunnels/tubes (for both car and train).
8. Dimensions of tunnel/tube. The outer tube has dimensions (height/width) that are like 2-3 times the size of each inner tube/tunnel (some 8m diameter), depending on inner tunnel layout (car lanes only? train lanes only? Both cars and trains?) and buoyance requirements. Assuming a perfect round design is best, height and width dimensions are the same.
9. Buoyance of a compartment will be significantly high so that even a maximally densily packed tunnel with vehicles and trains and fully flooded will still float.
10. It is of course possible that a floating tunnel design and non-floating design (resting on pillars or in trench or as part of a dam) can be combined, and only use the floating design for portions of the route for which pillars would extend too far. Given an average depth of 44 m for the Yellow sea, some larger portion should be able to be built inside a dam, some portion on pilars and submerged tunnel design. Assuming a total height of tunnel assembly of 10m (or 20-25 m for both car and train tunnels stacked on top of each other) and depth below low tide seawater surface of 30 m, it would mean an important part would be laid in a trench, another portion on small-medium size pillars, and only small portion would need some buoyant part. At the parts that have a fixed connection to the ocean floor, tidal stream power generating turbines can be attached. 
11. Environemental studies and analysis should be done on changing tidal motions for each design proposal to avoid detrimental effects on the environment and for calculating the strength of tidal motions (both generally and under specific conditions of earth quakes and tsunami) for both the necessary strength of the construction and for the anticipated tidal power production.

Other locations for a similar type connection are:
a. China (Penglai) - China (Changju) - Bohai sea. Length: 98 km (shore to shore).
Current proposal is an under sea floor tunnel that need to be digged, which makes it expensive and the length is unprecedented (at least 2 times longer then british-french channel tunnel)

b. China (Cangdao) - N Korea (Changyon/DPRK). Yellow sea. Length: 192 km (shore to shore)
Connecting both Pyonyang and Seoul to China through Yellow Sea. (shorter route as China - S Korea, and might become possible as N Korea - S Korea relations finally seem to thaw and improve in the direction of permanent peace. Definately an option in the not so far future, more cost effective and benefit for both Koreas! 
Current proposal is to connect it to Incheon (S Korea) as an undersea floor tunnel design. That tunnel would be over 322 km long (shore to shore), 6 times longer as the British-French channel tunnel! Due to the huge costs, it is not yet considered an option.

c. S Korea (Geoje) - Japan (Karatsu). Sea of Japan. Length: 172 km (shore to shore). 
Using 2 intermediate islands, the distance can be broken down in shorter stretches.

d. Russia mainland to Sakhalin (Lazarev to Pogibi). Length: 7,34 km
Could be built best as partial tidal barage/dam and other part as submerged tunnel or bridge.

e. Russia Sakhalin southernmost point - Japan Hokaido northernmost point. Length: 64 km

f. Russia / Kamtsjaska. 3 possible locations at Penzhin bay Kamtsjaska, most northern part of sea of Ochotsk (the "armpit" of Kamtsjaska). Lenghts: 182 km (widest). 71 km. (middle/south). 27,5 km (shortest/north). See: Penzhin Tidal Power Plant Project
Here the world largest tidal difference is measured and thus an ideal location for a tidal power station. Building a tidal power station here was already studied in soviet era, but as there is nothing there that could need such a large electricity power station, the plan was mothballed. A tidal power station could however be usefull for powering the future Siberia-Alaska railway passing the Beringstrait. An extention to the railway (current furthest most point is Nizhny-Bestiak near Jakoetsl) to Magadan is foresee to be built between 2020-2030. The last part to the Beringstrait somewhere near 2050.
Meanwhile the electric power could be delivered to Japan and/or Korea...

Note: A submerged tunnel design is a radical new type of construction, not yet built anywhere. However Norway has made a proposal/design for such a submerged tunnel to connect the shores of fjords. See: Norway Floating Tunnel concept 
NB. What seems strange in the design - as pictured - is that the buoyant part of the tunnel is placed at the sea surface, which would be an engineering challenge as the water level is dependent on tides yet the tunnel itself should be at fixed height above the sea floor as it has a fixed land connection, so they have to lower/raise the connection between the tunnel and floaters to compensate for the tides. A buoyant tunnel design would eliminate that problem since then the tunnel would support itself, just that it needs to be kept in place using cables attached to anchors at the seafloor. Perhaps the Norwegian designed tunnels are anchored to the sea floor too?

Other floating tunnel location possibilities in Asia include:
1. Malaysia/SIngapore-Indonesia/Sumatra: 
a. Pulau Karimunsbesar (indonesia/Sumatra) - Kukup (Malaysia). Strait of Malacca. Length: 19 km. Other shorter parts are necessary to connect to Sumatra mainland.
b. Singapore-Batam (Indonesia). Strait of Singapore. Length: 7 km. Many addiational parts (of shorter or similar length) are necessary to connect to Sumatra mainland.
2. Indonesia Sumatra-Java. Java sea. Length: 25 km. Can be split in two tunnels when connection made via Sangjang.
3. Indonesia Java-Bali. Bali sea. Length: 3,87 km. Bridge would most likely be best option. Java-Madura bridge already built connecting Surabaja with Madura.
4. Philipines. Many possible locations.
5. India-Sri Lanka. Gulf of mannar. Length: 30 km. Since this is a former landbridge a normal bridge design could fit here.
6. China mainland - Hainan. Length: 20,5 km
7. Iran Suza - Oman Khasab. Strait of Hormuz. Length: 58,6 km.
8. Yemen Perim island - Djibouti Moulhoulé. Strait of Bab al-Mandab. Length: 21,91 km. Plus additional shorter stretch (bridge/tunnel) from Perim island to mainland Yemen.
Question:
The tough question is though - can anything like this be built, is such a submerged tunnel able to withstand the forces of the ocean, even earthquakes and tsunami? Would it be safer then an underground (under seafloor) tunnel or normal bridge? Would it be cheaper to built then an underground (under seafloor) tunnel (this design saves the cost of tunnelboring, but adds cost for an outer tube and anchoring/underwater bridge,and the design concept is novel wich adds to development costs). 
Likely though it would be much faster to built as the primary construction work could be done on land (compartments added and shoved into sea, built from sections already prefabricated, including road and railway tracks, with only minor post assembling work).Norway is long planning one in Stavanger or Bergen too....it ain't all AsianBrexit Might Work..........IF EVERYBODY SHOUTS ALL THE TIME.sponge_bob said:



Norway is long planning one in Stavanger or Bergen too....it ain't all Asian

Click to expand...

That is what is stated in my post. None are proposed in Asia at all, it has in fact nothing to do with Asia at all. Apart from the fact that Asia has a lot of straits and islands that are not connected, and could use a cheap and safe technology for connecting such straits.

I just wanted to discuss the technical opportunity for such an alternative and how it would compare in terms of safety, building costs and time to built.Lets share our ambulances in our country! Remember to show sources.

Malaysia









http://www.ambulance-photos.com/picture/number3466.asp









http://www.ambulance-photos.com/picture/number1714.aspPENANG PHOTO GALLERY

I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones

A.Einstein

Public transport is the way to transportation revolution

A MAYOR of Bogota is reported to have said: “A developed country is not a place where the poor have cars. It’s where the rich use public transportation.”​National public Brazilian ambulances










Rio Claro government

















Goverment of Pernambuco








Jandeiro online


























Hospital guapore








A noticia








Government alagoas state#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”FIRE BRIGADE AMBULANCES 

BRAZIL

 Prefeito Maroca recebe viatura para Corpo de Bombeiros por Prefeitura de Sete Lagoas, no Flickr[/IMG]#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”PHILIPPINES....Kim Domingo....​UK ambulancesItalian ambulancesIn the U.S. we don't necessarily have a national standard so I'll show the local ambulance service. This is actually a private company contracted for ambulatory services by the parishes of south Louisiana.


MESSERSCHMITT-BOELKOW-BLOHM (MBB) BO105- N911RS Acadian Ambulance, Louisiana by AV8PIX Christopher Ebdon, on Flickr


IMGP0909 by pluto665, on Flickr


Acadian Ambulance_7326 by pluto665, on Flickr


IMAG0647 by pluto665, on Flickr


Acadian Ambulance_015 by pluto665, on Flickr

These are the newest standard transporters...

FREIGHTLINER ACADIAN AMBULANCE by cajunhickibilly, on Flickr

...and these are the old ones.

Acadian Ambulance and AirMed Helicopter on display outside the 2008 paramedic of the year luncheon by GeneSalassi, on FlickrCANADA

Prince Edward Island

http://www.flickr.com/photos/galenburrows/6178575934/

Manitoba

http://www.winnipegsun.com/2011/05/03/ambulances-sit-idle-mcfadyen

Montreal

http://connect.jems.com/photo/mirage-light-ambulance-demers?context=latest

Nova Scotia

http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_Wh2hlIOs6A4/S7qCDD82KeI/AAAAAAAAAg0/-9fgbVclD-Q/s1600/DSCF8732.JPG

Toronto

http://farm5.staticflickr.com/4013/4245281240_c04c22b0fc_z.jpg?zz=1Moscow, Russia.Portuguese INEM service:

Pictures taken from their official site: http://www.inem.pt/

Medical emergency motocycles: http://www.inem.pt/PageGen.aspx?WMCM_PaginaId=27933









SBV (basic life suport) ambulance:http://www.inem.pt/PageGen.aspx?WMCM_PaginaId=27944









SIV ambulance:http://www.inem.pt/PageGen.aspx?WMCM_PaginaId=27955









Helicopteres: http://www.inem.pt/PageGen.aspx?WMCM_PaginaId=27977









And something to laught (we are so unprepared for snowy days)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBMmqoywmTw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujRlltmbhoUThe NetherlandsRescue/Special Operations ambulances - AustraliaPortugal

INEM (Instituto Nacional de Emergencia Medica = Medical Emergency National Institute) :








[/URL]

Uploaded with ImageShack.usThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationSome Bulgarian ambulances:
































































And just occasionally, you can spot an older one like this:Portugal

INEM (Instituto Nacional de Emergencia Medica) : in charge if medical emergencies on the continental part of the country

  
Field hospitalPortugal

INEM

  
MotosPortugal

INEMPortugal

INEMPortugal

INEMIn Lithuania

Mormon










New Apostolic Church 


























































Methodist










































Baptist


































Jehovah's WitnessesLatvia

MormonThe Church of St. Andrews. PreachPerpetualBrum said:



The Church of St. Andrews. Preach

Click to expand...

It's a branch of Anglican church?Baptist Church, Åtvidaberg SwedenThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:











Baptist Church, Åtvidaberg Sweden

Click to expand...

I didn't know any were there. I was raised in a 99% Baptist area. I have been to Sweden before and didn't know it had spread there.One world. One race. The Human racewhat does it mean ?#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”ScraperDude said:



I didn't know any were there. I was raised in a 99% Baptist area. I have been to Sweden before and didn't know it had spread there.

Click to expand...

We have baptists, Jehovas witnesses and even scientologists. I consider my self to be christian, but I stay away from those groups. 

Sometimes I see the young american mormons all dressed up in suits walking around in parks and at train stations looking for people to discuss God with and sell books. I never talk to them if they approach me.










House of Templars of Honor and Temperance (Godtemplaregården) Rimforsa, SwedenThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationxrtn2 said:



what does it mean ?

Click to expand...

All meanings, CULT: https://www.thefreedictionary.com/cultI don’t want to be a pain in the ass, but I don’t think “cult” is the right English word for this. If you told, say, an American Methodist that Methodism is a cult, they’d likely be offended.Posted by Mark Twain:

Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.

Click to expand...

DRIVEN IN BEEN IN:
AL CA CT DE DC FL GA ID IL IN KY ME MD MA MI MN MO MT NH NJ NY NC ND OH OR PA RI SC SD TN UT VT VA WA WV WI WY ---
AB BC MB NB NS ON PE QC SK ---
A B CH D F GB I L NLPenn's Woods said:



I don’t want to be a pain in the ass, but I don’t think “cult” is the right English word for this. If you told, say, an American Methodist that Methodism is a cult, they’d likely be offended.

Click to expand...

So basically they are Catholicism branch, like: Lutherans, Reformats, Calvinists? Just for Anglicanism.They separated from the Anglicans in the 18th century. They’re fairly mainstream and numerous. So are the Baptists. I’m not sure who I’d call a “cult” on a public forum, really; it’s very disparaging. What are you getting at...churches of religious groups that are “minor” in your country?Posted by Mark Twain:

Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.

Click to expand...

DRIVEN IN BEEN IN:
AL CA CT DE DC FL GA ID IL IN KY ME MD MA MI MN MO MT NH NJ NY NC ND OH OR PA RI SC SD TN UT VT VA WA WV WI WY ---
AB BC MB NB NS ON PE QC SK ---
A B CH D F GB I L NLPenn's Woods said:



They separated from the Anglicans in the 18th century. They’re fairly mainstream and numerous. So are the Baptists. I’m not sure who I’d call a “cult” on a public forum, really; it’s very disparaging. What are you getting at...churches of religious groups that are “minor” in your country?

Click to expand...

A religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false, with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian, charismatic leader.

And these churches considered to be cults, you won't see them in Rome (Vatican) as a religious denominations, not like: Liutherans, Calvinists, Reformats, Ortodox, Anglicans; as guests from other religions: Buddhist, Muslim, Induist. There are many branches of these churches, that are not main, wildly except ideologies. These cults have slight or big modifications, or differences from main denominations, and found by charismatic leaders who uses people to gain power (not all, but most of them).SOME OF THE BIGGEST CULT BUILDINGS IN THE WORLD
SCIENTOLOGY, SUPER POWERS BUILDING, CLEARWATER, FLORIDA

























































SALT LAKE TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
















NEWER ONEMethodists, Baptists, and Mormons are denominations and faiths, not cults. They are mainstream and all very common in the US, and fairly common in other North American countries. Scientology is maybe a cult, but even that's debatable.

Just because a denomination does things differently than you, doesn't mean they're a cult.See my Delaware pictures on Instagram!! (@delawareinpictures) Follow my geography Twitter account!! (@geographacts)xzmattzx said:



Methodists, Baptists, and Mormons are denominations and faiths, not cults. They are mainstream and all very common in the US, and fairly common in other North American countries. Scientology is maybe a cult, but even that's debatable.

Just because a denomination does things differently than you, doesn't mean they're a cult.

Click to expand...

Even the people who left these culs admit that they are cults, if it is popular in one country it dosen't mean it is not cult. BTW every book about religues cults or sects includes them. Don't be so sensitive, just because you're in one of these cults. 

You made my day:"Scientology is maybe a cult, but even that's debatable."
It's one of the most ridiculous ideologies that l came across :nuts::lol::nuts:Second Baptist Church in Houston
















First Baptist Church of Wichita Falls, Texas
















The Woodlands Church in Woodlands, Texas
















Saddleback Church in Lake Forest, CaliforniaAre you disturb from your life and wants some relax- I guess yes. During the hustle and bustle of daily life we face some problems and looks for the relaxation where we can get calm and peace of mind and heart so that we could be strong and able to make big decisions of life without any worry and for doing this we do all things which can make us happy and worry free with peace. I came across such kind of situation of my life from where It was very tough to recover for me. then my mom suggest me to go for holy places where I can get peace and relax. And then I met to Pilgrim's people through google and they show me the way to go to the chardham yatra that was very awesome for me to get recover from my bad situations and I think everybody must go to pilgrimage sites at once in a year with a family. It was my outstanding experience when I went for yatra to chardham.China's initiative to connect Eurasia (and bits of East Africa) from all the way Europe to China is likely to shape the continent in the years to come. 

The initiative has two components, a land belt following roughly the traditional silk routes, and a sea road following roughly the traditional trade routes.



Many countries, particularly in South-East Asia, have been marked by poor connectivity, often with better connections to Europe, or China, than with each other. 

In Chinese manner The Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-century Maritime Silk Road has so far been, and is likely to be, characterised by massive AIIB-financed infrastructure construction, but the systemic targets, like efficient cross-border travel, may end up just as important. 

Presumably the EU can manage infrastructure developments in the western end of the continent, and the same goes for the developments in the eastern end (China, Korea, Japan) but everything in between may be reshaped.From PakistanCrosspost: A Chinese series on the BRI



tjrgx said:



Episode 1





Episode 2





Episode 3





Episode 4





Episode 5





Episode 6





Episode 7






Click to expand...Latvia to join Belt and Road Initiative




Baltic Sea countries, including Latvia, hope to join the Belt and Road Initiative because the region is an important logistics hub, said Wang Yiwei, an expert of European studies at Renmin University of China in Beijing.

Su Xiaohui, a researcher of international strategies at the China Institute of International Studies, said Li's visit will help the Baltic country better understand China.

Click to expand...

Speaking of which,A more detailed map:









From the article One Belt, One Road: The Silk RoadCPEC is going to be more than useful for Pakistan. Right now Pakistan stuck on slower lane due to bad policies in the past. True potential could be realize only when China start using as main trade route.Loads of optimism from Pakistan, however we need to convinced developed economies to setup their off-shore manufacturing units near Gawadar.One Belt One Road conference concludes with 8-point declaration




Like the China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), China has also been floating the idea of China Nepal Economic Corridor that eventually can be converted into a corridor turning the concept of China-Nepal-India trilateral cooperation into a reality, the statement said.

“Nepal is a gateway for China to enter the South Asia and hence we cannot undermine the role of Nepal in fulfilling the core motive of One Belt One Road initiative. OBOR goal is to connect governments, infrastructure and people,” said Li Tao, Executive Director of South Asia Studies at Sichuan University, who was one of the key note speakers during the conference.

Click to expand...Crosspost, 


NordikNerd said:



First direct train from China to England.

This week a freight train loaded with goods from the Chinese city of Yiwu arrived. The trip is part of China's commitment to international rail transport.

After 18 days of traveling the train reached London via the Channel Tunnel. The freight-train consisted of 34 cars from the Chinese city of Yiwu. 

The train's starting point is an industrial town and the train was loaded with goods manufactured there, such as household goods, clothing and bags. 

Transporting goods by rail, is faster than by ship and the cost is about half of what air would cost.

The magazine Shanghaiist reports on the project as the train included in: a commitment from the Chinese government on a new "Silk Road"
where goods from the country is transported by rail.










The train is a direct freight-service and transhipment is done at several places like in Dostyk, Kazakstan. 
Then the train goes on 1520mm tracks through Kazakstahan, Russia, Belarus to Brest until it reaches the Polish border where the shipment is loaded onto 1435mm wagons.
A third reloading is done in Duisburg, Germany to wagons approved for the Channel Tunnel, they finally end up in Barking, east London.

According to the DB 40,000 containers where shipped on trains China-Europe in 2016. The number is expected to increase to 100,000 in 2020

Click to expand...

Yiwu is not "an industrial town", but the nexus of "Made in China". it is an international exchange for small, cheap manufactured goods, and it is truly massive. There are a few products actually made in Yiwu, but the products sold here are made from all over Zhejiang, and the rest of China.

This London-bound train (and the one going to Riga) are more symbolic than substantial. And while the 18 days are faster than the 30-32 days it would take by ship, it still means that the containers are mostly standing still. It would take about a week for a continuously moving train. The average speed is 28 km/h, or 22 km/h if the train was actually moving in a straight line.Meanwhile, in South-East Asia



tjrgx said:



http://asia.nikkei.com/Politics-Eco...alaysia-to-start-talks-for-high-speed-railway










BANGKOK -- Thailand and Malaysia are set to start talks on the construction of a 1,500km high-speed railway that would connect the two countries' capitals and enhance regional connectivity.

Arkhom Termpittayapaisiht, Thailand's transport minister, told the Nikkei Asian Review that he hopes to meet with his Malaysian counterpart soon. "We will discuss how we can get foreign countries involved in the project like 'China or Japan' or 'China and Japan,'" he said. "But Malaysia seems to have more favor in China."

The Bangkok-Kuala Lumpur route is a large section of the pan-Asia railway network plan -- initially proposed by former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad at a 1995 meeting of leaders of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.

The idea was to build a rail network that runs all the way from Singapore, to the southern Chinese city of Kunming, through Malaysia, Thailand, Myanmar, Cambodia, Vietnam and Laos. [...]

Click to expand...Crosspost, Balkan railroad might run afoul of EU procurement rules.



tjrgx said:



https://www.ft.com/content/003bad14-f52f-11e6-95ee-f14e55513608

EU sets collision course with China over ‘Silk Road’ rail project










Brussels is investigating a showcase Chinese rail project that aims to extend Beijing’s “One Belt One Road” initiative into the heart of Europe, potentially putting the European Commission at loggerheads with China.

The commission’s probe is into a planned 350km high-speed railway between Serbia’s capital Belgrade and Budapest in Hungary. The railway is billed as a hallmark scheme under “One Belt One Road”, a $900bn project championed by Xi Jinping, China’s president, to build infrastructure and win diplomatic friends in Europe, Asia and Africa.

European officials told the Financial Times that the investigation was assessing the financial viability of the $2.89bn railway and looking into whether it had violated European Union laws stipulating that public tenders must be offered for large transport projects.

“The commission services are assessing the compliance of the project with EU law. The dialogue with the national authorities is ongoing,” said a European Commission spokeswoman.

Any legal setback to China’s first railway project in Europe would be a diplomatic embarrassment for Beijing, which made the railway its cornerstone offering to win support from central and eastern European nations during a summit attended by the countries in 2013.

At issue for the commission are separate agreements signed by the Hungarian and Serbian authorities. But the main focus is on Hungary, an EU member state that is subject to the full rigour of European procurement law. As a prospective member of the bloc, Serbia is subject to looser rules.

Failure to comply with EU tender laws may be punished by fines and proceedings to reverse infringements. “If push comes to shove and if it turns out that the Hungarians have awarded a public works contract of a particular dimension without tender they will of course have infringed EU legislation,” said a senior EU official.

No contract for the $1.8bn Hungarian section of the railway appears to have been made public. However, a treaty between Hungary and China, dated last year and seen by the FT last week, stipulates that companies designated by each government should “co-operate for the development” of the project.

It adds that two state-owned Chinese companies — the China Railway International Corporation and the Export-Import Bank of China — should act as contractor and financier for the project, which is due to be implemented by the Hungarian State Railway company.

On Friday, the Hungarian government did not deny the commission’s probe but said it had signed the agreements with China, including an annex explaining how it had complied with EU procurement law, following consultations with Brussels.

Official Chinese media reports have said “a contract” for the high-speed railway between Belgrade and Budapest was signed during a meeting of the “16+1” — which unites China with central and eastern European countries — in Latvia in November.


Disruption to the rail project could sap the impetus behind the “One Belt One Road” initiative, which President Xi hopes will bind China, Europe, the Middle East and Africa closer by building roads, railways, ports and other links to recreate the spirit of connectivity that prevailed along the ancient Silk Road.

“This railway is a big part of the ‘One Belt One Road’ project,” said Tamas Matura, assistant professor at Corvinus University in Budapest. “The Hungarian section is supposed to serve as a masterpiece to show that the Chinese can build according to EU standards,” he added.

The Hungarian section is supposed to serve as a masterpiece to show that the Chinese can build according to EU standards
Tamas Matura, Corvinus University in Budapest


The planned railway, which is supposed to cut journey times from Belgrade to Budapest down to about three hours from the current eight, is also important to China in a practical sense. It comprises a crucial section of a so-called “Land Sea Express Route”, which China agreed in 2014 to build with Hungary, Serbia and Macedonia. This route is aimed to link up with Piraeus, a Chinese-owned Greek port on the Mediterranean.

Without the Serbian-Hungarian rail link, China could struggle to realise its aim of being able to export products by rail to Piraeus and thereafter by sea to destinations in Europe, Africa and beyond, analysts said.

The Brussels probe into Hungary’s tender procedures is not unprecedented. Viktor Orban, the president, attracted EU scrutiny in 2014 for awarding contracts to build a €12.5bn Moscow-funded nuclear project to Russian state-owned energy company Rosatom, also without holding a public tender.

The commission launched infringement proceedings against Budapest on suspicions that the project breached internal market rules. But it closed the probe last December, accepting Hungary’s arguments that only the Russian operator could provide the specific technologies required. The project is still subject to a separate state aid investigation.

Click to expand...SIPRI (Stockholm International Peace Research Institute) has published a report on the security implications of Silk Road Economic Belt (SREB, yet another name for B&R). 

The Silk Road Economic Belt: Considering security implications and EU–China cooperation prospects













Executive summary

This one-year desk and field study has examined the Silk Road Economic Belt (the ‘Belt’) component of China’s Belt and Road Initiative from a security perspective. The report has three components: (a) it has analysed what the Belt essentially is, what has driven China to initiate it, and how it relates to China’s own security interests; (b) it assesses what the Belt’s security implications are and might be in two selected regions of the Eurasian continent (in this report ‘Eurasia’ refers to the combined landmass of Europe and Asia), namely Central and South Asia; and (c) based on the sum of these findings, this study elaborates on whether the Belt is a platform for European Union (EU)–China cooperation on mitigating security threats throughout Eurasia, and provides policy recommendations to the EU on how to proceed. In the context of the report, ‘security’ is defined broadly in relation to intra- and interstate stability: it encompasses human security and developmental conditions. 

The Belt is a still-evolving, long-term Chinese vision for Eurasian infrastructural development, connectivity and economic cooperation. There exists a vast vacuum of critical infrastructure in large parts of Eurasia, which many relevant states are not able to fill, even with the aid of existing multilateral development funds. The Belt intends to fill much of this vacuum, and while the political longevity of the initiative and efficacy of its implementation remains to be seen, it has been received with enthusiasm throughout many parts of Eurasia

Click to expand...





Indeed, the Belt can provide public goods that could potentially catalyse socioeconomic development in Central and South Asian countries. However, positive developmental spillovers of the Belt will also very much depend on the practical details of implementation: the distribution of spoils and benefits, both between Chinese stakeholders and local states, as well as between the ruling elite in those states and other sections of the population. It will require a more comprehensive commitment to policies that foster human security, rather than only regime- and state-centric security, both by China and, particularly, local actors.

Inevitably, the Belt impacts EU security interests in both Central and South Asia. Greater interconnectivity potentially facilitated by the Belt gives the EU impetus to think more strategically and contribute more proactively to stability outside of its immediate neighbourhood. This, however, requires the EU to develop its own strategic vision for stability and security in Eurasia as a whole, and the role it sees for itself and stakeholders within that picture. Such a vision would be an ideal starting point from which to assess the Belt. At present, bar the EU–China Connectivity Platform, Brussels does not have a common voice and strategic response to the Belt.

At an institutional level, the EU still requires a more comprehensive understanding of the Belt’s strategic implications in their totality before it engages in the Belt in greater measure. This includes understanding all of the Belt’s implications on the EU’s own stated foreign, security and economic interests.

The Belt, as a loose and non-institutionalized framework that proceeds largely through economic projects, is not itself an ideal platform for the EU and China to collaborate on topics of hard security. However, in relation to Belt implementation, this report concludes that there are potential cooperation opportunities within the realm of human security and development.

The EU, in coordination with other relevant stakeholders, could utilize the opportunity presented by the Belt to engage China and pull it closer towards the type of ‘rules-based global order’ most in line with its own interests and values. There is value in EU engagement with China on a range of associated non-traditional and soft security topics, from sustainable development and energy security to regional integration and governance.

However, cooperation in practical terms may be hampered by differences in approaches and political values. While the Belt is largely in line with the EU’s interests in Central and South Asia, implications for the EU’s normative and value-based agenda remain in question. As such, one feasible and relatively apolitical avenue for the EU and China to cooperatively engage with the Belt is through the common framework of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Indeed, the Belt is a potential accelerant to the achievement of the SDGs, and both China and the EU view socioeconomic development as being heavily linked to stability and security in the relevant states of Central and South Asia.

More concretely, this report recommends that the EU considers the following

Click to expand...Eurasia is on the rise. Will the US be left on the sidelines?













The world’s biggest geopolitical trend today is not America First, or the global war on terror, or Brexit, or the renewed Cold War with Russia. It is the economic integration of Europe with Asia, especially the European Union with China. Europe and Asia co-inhabit the world’s largest landmass, Eurasia. They are increasingly connected economically as well. Trump’s protectionism and bellicosity will speed up the integration of Europe and Asia, and threaten to leave the United States on the sidelines.

Click to expand...





Interestingly, global warming will probably add another important sea route between East Asia and Western Europe, the so-called Northeast Passage in the Arctic Ocean north of Russia and Norway. With the sea ice disappearing from the Arctic Ocean for more months per year, sea-based trade between East Asia and Europe will be increasingly re-routed from the Indian Ocean and Suez Canal to the Northeast Passage. This will cut shipping distances by around 25 percent and shipping times by up to half. The Northeast Passage is not an argument for global warming, which will create huge losses overall, but it is a likely beneficial impact among many large negative impacts.

China has not only put forward this new infrastructure vision, but has also put forward new institutional mechanisms to finance it. The most important of these is the new Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, or AIIB, established by China to co-finance Asia’s infrastructure, and capitalized by the bank members at $100 billion. Fifty-two countries, including countries of both Europe and Asia, have become members of the bank and another 18 are in the queue to join. The United States and Japan have held back, but this hasn’t slowed the rest of Europe and Asia (and recently Canada) from signing up. In 2014, China also invested $40 billion into a Silk Road Fund dedicated to financing One Belt, One Road projects.

In addition to the investment funding, China is also promoting new trade and investment agreements. These include the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership, a proposed 16-country free-trade agreement that would include China, the 10 countries of southeast Asia, and Australia, India, Japan, Korea, and New Zealand.

While Trump is busy proclaiming America First and growling at other countries for their supposed abuses toward the United States, China is making a massive diplomatic and negotiating effort to build trust, trade, investment, and goodwill among the countries of Europe and Asia, not to mention Africa that China also targets in several investment initiatives.

Click to expand...Cross-post. 



:jax: said:



Purely at a talking and thinking about stage:

Finnish-Norwegian blueprint of Arctic corridor unveiled









The green line on the map denotes the planned railway route linking Norwegian port Kirkenes with Finnish city Rovaniemi. (Courtesy to Finnish Ministry of Transport and Communications)

HELSINKI, March 9 (Xinhua) -- The idea of an Arctic corridor took shape on Friday as a Finnish-Norwegian working group unveiled the plan to extend the existing Finnish railway system to the Arctic Ocean via Norway.

The envisioned route would link Rovaniemi, a Finnish town located on the Arctic Circle, to the port of Kirkenes in northeastern Norway, Finnish Minister of Transport and Communications Anne Berner announced in Helsinki.

Click to expand...Economist: Will China’s Belt and Road Initiative outdo the Marshall Plan?













SEVENTY years ago America passed the Economic Co-operation Act, better known as the Marshall Plan. Drawing inspiration from a speech at Harvard University by George Marshall, America’s secretary of state, it aimed to revive Europe’s war-ravaged economies. Almost five years ago, at a more obscure institution of higher learning, Nazarbayev University in Kazakhstan, China’s president, Xi Jinping, outlined his own vision of economic beneficence. The Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), as it has become known, aims to sprinkle infrastructure, trade and fellow-feeling on more than 70 countries, from the Baltic to the Pacific.

Click to expand...SCMP: Why English law could rule on China's belt and road disputes




The UK, ever watchful for business opportunities, has been pushing hard for English law to govern contracts between Chinese companies and entities from other Asian countries, and for London arbitration to have jurisdiction. This is not as absurd as it may seem; English law is common for contracts involving Russian companies and central Asian companies, and I have even worked on contractual disputes where both parties are Russian and yet still elected for English law to govern.

The peculiar flexibility of English law allows it to adapt equitably to almost any commercial situation, partly perhaps because of the extremely mercantile and unideological nature of the English. At the same time, the aloof and objective British legal fraternity allows it to argue with gusto on behalf of anyone who pays.

Click to expand...Cross-post



Arvor said:



Is the EU trying to derail China’s European ambitions with its new connectivity plan for Asia?

Beijing has been making inroads into Europe with its ‘Belt and Road Initiative’ but Brussels is working on an alternative

http://www.scmp.com/news/china/dipl...ying-derail-chinas-european-ambitions-its-new

----

Europe’s Pivot to Central Asia

Central Asia has started to assert its interests and identity. European powers should seize the initiative and bolster these trends.

https://rusi.org/commentary/europe’s-pivot-central-asia

Caspian games: Central Asian ‘stans’ vie for connectivity market

'Pipelineistan' has a long history, but with its Belt and Road Initiative, China is set to be the top game-changer 

http://www.atimes.com/article/caspian-games-central-asian-stans-vie-connectivity-market/

----

Asean and EU: determined to bolster connectivity

For the European Union, a close and deep partnership with Asean member-countries is of high importance.


Our relationship is well defined already by the fact that the European Union is the first investor and second largest trading partner of Asean. It is therefore no surprise that both sides are also working hard to increase transport links and overall “connectivity”. Indeed effective transport networks represent the vital arteries through which our people and businesses may flourish. Connectivity is a key element in further deepening our relationship and creating a lot of new opportunities for both parties. 

On May 9 (Europe Day), I will have the honour of co-chairing the second Asean-EU Transport Dialogue in Phuket. Why is this dialogue important? Quite simply because both sides wish to deepen the transport relations by land, by air and by sea so that those arteries can ensure an even stronger pulse and push of economic activity. We are already making great strides.

We are currently negotiating a Comprehensive Air Transport Agreement which will represent the very first block-to-block accord and contribute substantially to further deepening our aviation links. Until now, all such agreements have led to “win-win” outcomes increasing substantially business and tourist exchanges as well as connectivity between key partners. Thai Airways, and other leading airlines between Southeast Asia and Europe, are certainly well placed to benefit from this agreement. We are also increasing our cooperation on aviation, maritime and road safety while showing leadership in international fora on cutting transport emissions. 

http://www.nationmultimedia.com/detail/opinion/30344502

Click to expand...Sad.He Named Thor said:



Sad.

Click to expand...


Why?cool"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." Elbert HubbardDzD1358 said:



Why?

Click to expand...

A police department using a foreign car when we have a better hybrid right here:Technically through the car is built in America in Georgia so its not that bad. Could be worse you could have no big car companies.He Named Thor said:



A police department using a foreign car when we have a better hybrid right here:









Click to expand...

^^Most of Hawaii's new modern police vehicles are foreign cars (Toyota Camry, Toyota Highlander, Nissan Altima, Infiniti G35 etc..) maybe because its cheaper import cars from Japan than Detroit eh? Though we do have some new aggressive Dodge Charger which I love and hope to have a good amount of them in our police fleet. Crown Victoria are still the based for our fleet but are getting replaced quickly.H o n o l u l u*​Hawaii​icracked said:



^^Most of Hawaii's new modern police vehicles are foreign cars (Toyota Camry, Toyota Highlander, Nissan Altima, Infiniti G35 etc..) maybe because its cheaper import cars from Japan than Detroit eh? Though we do have some new aggressive Dodge Charger which I love and hope to have a good amount of them in our police fleet. Crown Victoria are still the based for our fleet but are getting replaced quickly.

Click to expand...

Technically none of cars aren't infact 'imported' they'll be built in American Factories by Americans but the thing on the front will say Nissan or Toyota. If they were imported from Japan you'd have the steering wheel on the correct side of the car.He Named Thor said:



A police department using a foreign car when we have a better hybrid right here:

Click to expand...

You do know that the Ford Fusion Hybrid is assembled in Hermosillo, Mexico, right?
The Altima is more "American" than the Fusion.
:lol:Why in the hell is U.S. police department using foreign vehicles? Not cool. 

I felt the same way when Austin Police Department started using BMW's instead of Harley Davidsons.andysimo123 said:



Technically none of cars aren't infact 'imported' they'll be built in American Factories by Americans but the thing on the front will say Nissan or Toyota. If they were imported from Japan you'd have the steering wheel on the correct side of the car.

Click to expand...

Many cars are shipped to the U.S. from Japanese automakers on the left side.H o n o l u l u*​Hawaii​zivan56 said:



You do know that the Ford Fusion Hybrid is assembled in Hermosillo, Mexico, right?
The Altima is more "American" than the Fusion.
:lol:

Click to expand...

On something like this it's about the name on the front. Having the government supporting a French/Japanese company over an American company is a damned shame.

Actually, seeing as how the Federal Government currently owns them anyway, why not use Chevy Malibu Hybrids?icracked said:



Many cars are shipped to the U.S. from Japanese automakers on the left side.

Click to expand...

Nearly all Japanese cars sold by Japanese dealers ships are built in the USA. The only cars that aren't include most Lexus models and the G35(Nissan skylines have always been built in Japan) because they are built in alot smaller numbers and are more expensive. Honda have 13 plants, Nissan have 3 and Toyota have 7 in the USA producing a hell of a parts and cars.andysimo123 said:



Nearly all Japanese cars sold by Japanese dealers ships are built in the USA. The only cars that aren't include most Lexus models and the G35(Nissan skylines have always been built in Japan) because they are built in alot smaller numbers and are more expensive. Honda have 13 plants, Nissan have 3 and Toyota have 7 in the USA producing a hell of a parts and cars.

Click to expand...

A few Midsize cars, most of the large cars (Avalon, Maxima), and trucks anyway. Most of the small cars and "upscale" branded cars (Acura, Lexus, Infiniti) are imported. 


Ford alone has ~41 plants in the U.S. alone though.He Named Thor said:



A few Midsize cars, most of the large cars (Avalon, Maxima), and trucks anyway. Most of the small cars and "upscale" branded cars (Acura, Lexus, Infiniti) are imported. 


Ford alone has ~41 plants in the U.S. alone though. 









Click to expand...

Hence why Ford is in the Shit.andysimo123 said:



Hence why Ford is in the Shit.

Click to expand...

Are they though? Ford's doing pretty well (in this economy anyway). GM isn't, but to blame that on just having too many plants would be stupid.He Named Thor said:



A police department using a foreign car when we have a better hybrid right here:









Click to expand...

Thanks, now i see. To tell the true,i like design of Ford more than Nissan.He Named Thor said:



Are they though? Ford's doing pretty well (in this economy anyway). GM isn't, but to blame that on just having too many plants would be stupid.

Click to expand...

How can they be doing pretty well, when they have had to shut down 14 plants, sack 11,000 workers, a huge of amount of its suppliers have gone bust and it posted a $1.4 Loss for the 1st quarter. The fact is alot of these car companies are too big and they produce too many cars, having too many plants must clearly be a big problem if there plan is to shut them down to get back into profit as defined by Fords 'The Way Forward' plan.andysimo123 said:



How can they be doing pretty well, when they have had to shut down 14 plants, sack 11,000 workers, a huge of amount of its suppliers have gone bust and it posted a $1.4 Loss for the 1st quarter. The fact is alot of these car companies are too big and they produce too many cars, having too many plants must clearly be a big problem if there plan is to shut them down to get back into profit as defined by Fords 'The Way Forward' plan.

Click to expand...

Toyota is laying off people, closing plants, posting losses, and having suppliers go bankrupt. WAKE UP. This economy is seriously hurting car manufacturers. 

Ford though, unlike GM, Chrysler, and every mainstream Japanese and Euro brand, hasn't needed government support though to keep going. They also have a firm plan and have been producing vehicles that reviewers love. 

They are on a roll.


Do you really, honestly, believe though that to get back to profit they will have to close so many plants that they'll have as many in the U.S. as the foreign makes? Seriously, Ford alone will still have at least double the number of plants that any of the Japanese makes have here.He Named Thor said:



Toyota is laying off people, closing plants, posting losses, and having suppliers go bankrupt. WAKE UP. This economy is seriously hurting car manufacturers. 

Ford though, unlike GM, Chrysler, and every mainstream Japanese and Euro brand, hasn't needed government support though to keep going. They also have a firm plan and have been producing vehicles that reviewers love. 

They are on a roll.


Do you really, honestly, believe though that to get back to profit they will have to close so many plants that they'll have as many in the U.S. as the foreign makes? Seriously, Ford alone will still have at least double the number of plants that any of the Japanese makes have here.

Click to expand...

Ford $8 Billion Loan from the US Government.
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/24/business/24auto.html 

No car maker is on a roll.Human’s life is filled with hustle bustle and we live in this corrupt world and that’s why our soul fills with sin and vagary, that’s why we need to get relax and need to go to somewhere where we could get peace of mind with heart, and go to pilgrimage tour could take you to visit various destinations like Varanasi tour, chardham yatra and many more. Going to there pilgrimage sites could relax your mind. There are various best tour operators which can make your trip awesome, gives you a outstanding experience.Hello Guys, I am a travel lover and travels around different destinations in India. I think to go for a religious trip it gives a peace to mind and heart and we be able to work properly in our life. I would like to know your thoughts about religious trip..In Nizhny Tagil shoot the next bond movie soon in theaters.
In the frame of the shooting and flipping cars,see famous Hollywood actors,who are now in Tagil on the sets of the film.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qkr9Jbo5fMA
https://tagilcity.ru/news/restnews/...-nenastya-v-centre-nizhnego-tagila-video.htmlWelcome to Nizhny TagilSo many movies made on Lucknow both in India and abroad !

IMDb 6.1










This one is said to have inspired the famous " Memoirs of Geisha"
IMDb 7.9










IMDb 7.8










IMDb 7.7










IMDb 6.6










IMDb 7.0










IMDb 6.2










As a perk , when Gordon Ramsay came to Lucknow for a culinary experience !Discover urban India like never before:
Mumbai-the urban giant 
Bangalore -the garden city
Kolkata- the core of legendary Bengal
Delhi -the ethereal city of Asia
Chennai - the Land of the Tamils

My Home- Awadh-अवध-اودھJames Bond movies



gibert said:



In Nizhny Tagil shoot the next bond movie soon in theaters.

Click to expand...

Not the first time a James Bond movie is filmed in a russian city.

The 1995 movie Golden Eye takes place in St Petersburg, Russia.
Helsinki, Finland was portrayed as Moscow in western movies before the dissolution of the USSR.

In 1997 Bond is in Hamburg, Germany.

Interesting that many Bond movies are filmed in locations that are presented as other places.

In the 1963 movie From Russia with Love Bond is in Zagreb and Belgrade, but as Yugoslavia and other eastblock countries didnt like the imperialist Bond movies they had to film in Istanbul, Turkey.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThe place I live hasn't been on film AFAIK, but it has been depicted in painting, quite a bit. This is my favourite:






My hometown has also not been shown on film to my knowledge...Commieblocks of Romania / of FranceNordikNerd said:



Not the first time a James Bond movie is filmed in a russian city.

The 1995 movie Golden Eye takes place in St Petersburg, Russia.
Helsinki, Finland was portrayed as Moscow in western movies before the dissolution of the USSR.

In 1997 Bond is in Hamburg, Germany.

Interesting that many Bond movies are filmed in locations that are presented as other places.

In the 1963 movie From Russia with Love Bond is in Zagreb and Belgrade, but as Yugoslavia and other eastblock countries didnt like the imperialist Bond movies they had to film in Istanbul, Turkey.

Click to expand...

Footage from the film was shot in Nizhny Tagil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=tNBeMHFh4S8Welcome to Nizhny TagilWelcome to Nizhny TagilWelcome to Nizhny TagilWelcome to Nizhny TagilWelcome to Nizhny TagilWelcome to Nizhny TagilWelcome to Nizhny Tagilनिज़नी Tagil में आपका स्वागत है来到塔吉尔Tagil来到塔吉尔TagilTagilMy home city is currently Los Angeles. As you can imagine, there's a ton of movies about LA, but a recent one that came out that's really good is La La Land (8.1 on IMDb).В.В. Путин, выборы-2018 6 марта, Путин пообщался с _Форумом рабочей молодёжи_, который проходит в Нижнем Тагиле, в УралвагонзаводеНа НТМК запустили 7 домну-это хорошо видно на фото(там где кран).
Роман Абрамович(хозяин тагильского НТМК) раскашелился на строительство выделили 300 млн.$,а ведь мог опять на ФК Челси(Лондон) спустить,все Тагильские деньги НТМК.Just a fun idea I thought would be interesting. I made this thread a few days ago at SSP but I feel it will gain more ground here. If the mods don't mind, I will transfer some of my posts here just to get things rolling.


Every city seems to share some general characteristic with another city while still maintaining its uniqueness. These characteristics are surface level, but still cool to make note of. 

For instance, the two cities I feel are analogues of each other on the surface are Brooklyn and San Francisco. Both are coastal urban areas at the ocean of their respective coasts. Brooklyn is not an independent city anymore like SF, but it could hold up to its own if it was.

Aerial/Map

Brooklyn:

Looking South at Brooklyn by Adam Lewis Wyner, on Flickr

San Francisco:

San Francisco by David Levine, on Flickr

Both cities have iconic bridges that connects them to the rest of their urban areas. However, Brooklyn is part of an island while SF is at the tip of a peninsula.

Bridges

Brooklyn:

Staten Island to Brooklyn by JoelICastaneda, on Flickr

Brooklyn Downtown 8380 by edgar ediza, on Flickr

Brooklyn Bridge at night by RJ DiBella, on Flickr

San Francisco:

The Golden Gate by buffdawgus, on Flickr

San Francisco by John King, on Flickr

San Francisco Street by Glenn Preisler, on Flickr


There are more similarities for this pair I will post but if anyone who has though about two other cities that are analogous in one way or another, feel free to share. :cheers:Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.

-Nelson Mandela 

Just keep on building.I know SF currently has the Salesforce Tower coming up and a currently larger and more vibrant downtown, but both it and Brooklyn have their CBDs skylines at a corner area pointing towards the mainland. The shot I found for SF is old.

Skylines

Brooklyn:

Brooklyn skyline, New York City by James Willamor, on Flickr


San Francisco:

San Francisco Skyline by Justin Owens, on Flickr


Both cities are also known for their rowhome housing architecture along with a good amount of apartments. Brooklyn has its brownstones and buildings mostly made of brick while SF has great examples of Victorian architecture like the famous Painted Ladies. They also both have nice terminal vistas, though SF is more dramatic with the hills and bay.

Housing architecture

Brooklyn:

Brownstones by Brandon, on Flickr

Park Slope by robotpolisher, on Flickr

42nd Street approaching 3rd Avenue by Aonghais Mac, on Flickr

4th Avenue by Matt Green, on Flickr

Brooklyn - 63rd Street by Roger W, on Flickr

Brooklyn Apartment 5506 by edgar ediza, on Flickr

San Francisco:

What ever happened to predictability? by Erin, on Flickr

San Francisco Street by Lindsey Krause, on Flickr

San Francisco Street by Freddie Jordan, on Flickr

San Francisco Business Trip by Sujal Parikh, on Flickr

P1090504 by Michael Afar, on Flickr

San Francisco - apartments on Hyde Street by MikePScott, on Flickr

East Coast and West Coast. Brothers from different mothers.Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.

-Nelson Mandela 

Just keep on building.Here's some last comparisons between Brooklyn and SF. These are just very surface level, so don't think too much about it.


Terminating Vistas

Brooklyn:


Brooklyn. by chris dilts, on Flickr


San Francisco:


San Francisco by fluido & franz, on Flickr


Chinatowns (SF has a larger more famous one but BK has one growing in Sunset Park)


Brooklyn:

The Big 8 by Chung Chu, on Flickr


San Francisco:


Chinatown by mi_tequila, on Flickr


Dense Suburban Housing Near Ocean (This really hits the nail for me in terms of superficial comparsions)


Brooklyn:

duplex8 by dodgedly, on Flickr


San Francisco:

Untitled by Patrick, on FlickrEducation is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.

-Nelson Mandela 

Just keep on building.Someone mentioned Manhattan and San Francisco also being analogues, which is similar to the Brooklyn comparison, but deeper when you look at the neighborhoods and other characteristics.

Both are the densest urban areas in their respective coasts and are important financial and immigrant centers throughout US history. They are both geographically small, with Manhattan being smaller, and are both the heart of their respective metro areas. 

There are some differences, seen in the Brooklyn comparison. Manhattan is denser and more city-like throughout while SF is only a tier below once you get to the outskirts. 

Skyline with Bridge

San Francisco:

Bajo el Bay Bridge / Under the Bay Bridge by Jorge Alejandro Gomez, on Flickr

Manhattan:

New York by Tim RT, on Flickr


Chinatowns (Both have them close to the financial district)

San Francisco: 

San Francisco 11 by Eloy Rodriguez, on Flickr

Manhattan:

Untitled by Dennis Hilding, on Flickr


Little Italy (Same situation with Chinatown, but SF's is also called North Beach)

San Francisco:

North Beach - Festival Booths by roland luistro, on Flickr


Manhattan:

Little Italy by Jørn Erik Langedal, on Flickr


Neighborhoods known for countercultural/ LGBT movements


San Francisco (Castro):


San Francisco 2008 by aurelien23, on Flickr

(Haight Ashbury)

Haight-Ashbury, San Francisco @ 2017.10.11 by GT, on Flickr

Manhattan (West Village):

rainy manhattan streets - west village - new york city by guney cuceloglu, on Flickr

(Greenwich Village)

Greenwich Village NYC by Ryan Price, on FlickrEducation is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.

-Nelson Mandela 

Just keep on building.Here are some more comparisons between San Francisco and Manhattan.


Rich/Affluent Neighborhoods 

San Francisco (Pacific Heights):

Alta Vista by Brandon Doran, on Flickr

Manhattan (Upper West Side):

The Lake and the Upper West Side skyline by Apostolis Giontzis, on Flickr


Large City Parks (I think both of them were designed by the same person)

San Francisco (Golden Gate Park):

Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach in San Francisco by David Oppenheimer, on Flickr


Manhattan (Central Park):

Manhattan (central park) by Paco Gaitero, on Flickr


Hispanic/Latino Neighborhoods

San Francisco (Mission District/ mostly Mexican and Central American):

San Francisco-Mission District by emile lombard, on Flickr


Manhattan (Washington Heights/ mostly Dominican): 

Alto Manhattan (Washington Heights) by 何塞埃利亚斯 （何塞·克鲁兹), on Flickr


African American Neighborhoods

San Francisco (Fillmore District/ Western Addition):

San Francisco / Western Addition's History by Mark Denton, on Flickr

Manhattan (Harlem):

Harlem by Miryam HaMagdalit, on FlickrEducation is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.

-Nelson Mandela 

Just keep on building.In Europe, many old cities have strong similarities, especially the medieval ones. For example, old cities from around the Western Mediterranean basin seem to form a continuum with gradually evolving nuances, starting from Spain, through Southern France, Italy, and onto Croatia and Corfu. It's the same towards the North, there seems to be a continuum from as East as Transylvania to as West as Burgundy in Eastern France. This is usually referred to as the Central European type of cities, but I see strong similarities further North (Hanseatic cities, Scandinavia).Commieblocks of Romania / of FranceWow. The view that you have shared here is amazing one and definitely eye catching to me. I hope that I will plan my visit to see such beautiful places soon.Chris Greenwelt | Senior Researcher | Dissertation writing servicesHi everyone. I have a plan to buy teak wood display cabinet and flooring for my my house. Kindly share the pros and cons of teak wood furniture.Zagreb, Croatia

built in 1891., operating between the downtown (donji grad) and the upper town (gornji grad)The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.Cable car or funicular?

This is the cable car at Hong Kong's Ocean Park :World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor WatPossibly the world's most famous:

San FranciscoThat last pic is cool, even as San Francisco itselfBerchem (.Be)
Berchem (HHF)This is a confusing thread.

Cable car's generally come in two different types. Those like in San Francisco, which are terribly rare these days (and very different to the funicular's in the first post by King-Tomislav). These cable car's are a cross breed of the tram and funicular. Essentually they operate on rails, and are propelled by "grips" which can hold onto a constantly moving cable under the street, and let's go when they wish to stop moving. The San Francisco cable cars are fantastic and a real rare treat!

The other and more common type of cable car are the aerial ones like in Hong Kong (and also in many other cities like New York, Barcelona, Lisbon etc).

What King-Tomislav shows looks like a funicular or otherwise known as inclined railways, use a system where cables are permanently attached to a tram like vehicle which travels up an incline. Usually, there are two trams, one goes up while the other travels down as a counter balance.

This type of vehicle is extremly common in hilly cities in Europe, and also can be found in a number of North and South American cities (Pittsburgh used to have 12 or 14 of these operating, although only a small number still work today)

For funicular's, here are a few I have photographed on my travels recently.

In Lisbon, these are called "elevators" for some reason. There are several different ones in Lisbon still operating, and they are absolutely fantastic!

Two different ones in the area around Bairro Alto & Chiado in Lisbon

















And the area around Alfama in Lisbon

















When I was last in Budapest, I travelled on this one:

















I've been on a few in Barcelona, which has several in the city and mentro (mostly modern ones) but don't have any photo's yet. However, I'll be back there in a few weeks, so if this thread is still around, I'll post some photo's when I get back.

Genoa in Italy has at least three, and I've been on one, but again, never photographed it.

I was also on the Hong Kong funicular that goes up to the peak, and damn this is spectacular, but none of my photo's of that came through - real pity.

Coming to think of it, I've been on quite a few, but never really started to take photo's until recently, what a pity....I'm doing my bit to save bandwidth by deleting my signatureIstanbul has a really old one that is pulled through a tunnel: 








and a new one also through a tunnel that connects with the metro and tramway:http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=323236Is that you, John Wayne? Is this me?

See you in the Swiss Forum on skyscrapercity.comthis one from penang,malaysia

during British era,
The funicular opened to the public on 21-Oct-1923.it provided access to the cooler upper air and because of the beautiful views.
http://www.cable-car-guy.com/images/penang_hill_railway.jpg
http://www.cable-car-guy.com/images/penang_front24d.jpg

present(2006)KERANAMU MALAYSIA

Well done is better than well said... Benjamin franklinhkskyline said:











Click to expand...

LOOL! Looks as crowded as a highway! Very nice!Avete, solitudinis claustrique mites incolae

Stat Crux dum volvitur orbis

Deus, in adiutorium meum intendeEmirates Air Line (cable car) London

Hello

I think we only have one cable car in London which is the Emirates Air Line which goes over the River Thames at Greenwich. Shot a time-lapse film of it recently which I think people might find interesting:

http://youtu.be/dHJuWLxqMZU

Hope you enjoy it!

cheers

MarkThis is the cable car at Hong Kong's Ocean Park :Shop Amazon - Up to 50 Off Home Improvement Value Store

Shop Amazon - Buy Eligible Print Magazines & Get Digital Kindle Subscriptions FreeDo any of the funicular cars shown carry bicycles? The hills they climb are often steeper than any road or bike path. And even moderate gradients are serious enough for cyclists.Oldest surviving funiculars in Europe (world?) 1931 and 1935, Kaunas Lithuania 

Žaliakalnis





AleksotasVilnius funicular build in 2003Wrong thread my bad!M.Poirot said:



Possibly the world's most famous:

San Francisco






















































Click to expand...

Oh yes! I remember that. We rode on cable car. We both flew to SFO over decade and half ago. We went to SFO in Summer 2002. We had a nice trips.I've recently seen this interesting map which apparently shows all the roundabouts located all around the world.
Let's talk about it:

https://www.mapbox.com/bites/00205/#2.43/38.14/-22.57It's appears to be impressively accurate. At least for the Oslo (Norway) area that I'm the most familiar with. I'm less sure what use I have of this information though but still a cool find.Yeah! Is prety impresive, also in Bogotá, that map shows most of them;
but it seems that those big ones are not in the map (likely those that have intersections over or under), like this:










https://www.mapbox.com/bites/00205/#16.1/4.68501/-74.04811










https://www.mapbox.com/bites/00205/#16.1/4.60667/-74.09772​
Anyway... Is great!!
Saludos!​Yo ♥ Bogotá!​@nyko​Santa Fé de Bogotá​​| SITP | ElDorado | Advances  | Maps Engine | Civil Works
LatinAmerica Over 100 Meters! - The List
​Fantastic :cheers:

100% accurate here in my city in Brazil#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”It's interesting. Whereas most of Europe have lot of roundabouts everywhere, the rest of the wolrd is not much prone to roundabouts.I remember reading somewhere that more than half of all roundabouts are in France but looking at this map makes me question that.Jamaicensis said:



I remember reading somewhere that more than half of all roundabouts are in France but looking at this map makes me question that.

Click to expand...

Perhaps it was true 20 or 30 years ago, but nowadays roundabouts are increasing all over the world.
However, looking at this map I would say more than half of roundabouts are located in southwestern Europe so far.You can add Morocco to the list.
Almost every road infrastructure project since the last few years is following the "french way".
Roundabouts are now everywhere, in every region, every city: expressways, mainroads, crossings,...The diversity of roundabouts is also striking: planted, non planted, ugly, kistch, but also some nice ones ... 
This said, in a country among the top 5 worlwide in terms of road casualties some say roundabouts represent quite a positive thing as they help reduce the impacts of moroccan drivers undisciplined road behaviourWow! Anwesome map! I need to study it in detail)On https://buyessay.org/blog/weather-essay-sample/ you can see the weather essay sample that will help you get a better idea about the peculiarities of this type of essay.This one about roundabouts in some European countries is interesting as well:

https://beyondthemaps.wordpress.com/2017/08/26/roundabouts-in-europe-2017-edition/Dubai Roundabout is not that bad what you guys think?Millennium Estates | Grand ViewsConstruction on a maglev line connecting Longyang Road and Hongqiao 
Airport has been given the green light. 
....... 

The project is part of the much-discussed maglev system between 
Shanghai and Hangzhou. Other parts of the plan - downtown Shanghai to 
Jiaxing, and Jiaxing to East Hangzhou Station - will not be carried 
out until after the World Expo 2010, according to an unidentified 
source from the municipal government, the 21 Century Business Herald 
reported. 

The city started relocating residents and preparing the land for the 
project in October, 2006. 

This marks the greatest progress since the National Development and 
Reform Commission approved construction on the maglev line between 
Hangzhou and Shanghai. 

The line in downtown Shanghai is part of the city's high-speed public 
transportation system between two airports, the newspaper said. 

The route should minimize traffic congestion, and would have little 
impact on the lives of people who were being relocated, according to 
Professor Sun Zhang from Tongji University. 

Shanghai has completed a maglev line from the subway station of 
Longyang Road to the Pudong airport. 

The new maglev will start from Longyang Road, crossing the Expo site, 
through Huangpu River by a tunnel at Yaohua Zhi Road to the western 
bank of the river. 
Then the line heads west, making a north turn at Zhongchun Road until 
it reaches the Hongqiao Airport. 

The airport, already a major transport hub, will be pivotal as a 
terminal for the future Shanghai-Beijing high-speed railway, the 
Chinese newspaper quoted professor Sun as saying. 

The blueprint of the Shanghai-Hangzhou maglev line is T-shaped, with 
part going to Hangzhou by a south turn at Zhongchun Road from Shanghai. 

"The line from Hongqiao to Pudong airport is more urgent for the time 
being, and it's practical," Sun said. "The other line can be 
completed in the future through cooperation with Zhejiang Province. 

"This is an extension to the existing maglev. You can call it Phase 
One of Shanghai-Hangzhou Maglev project, or the Shanghai part of it. 

"It's not exactly a high-speed public transportation between 
airports," he added, suggesting that instead of a municipal 
construction, this marked the start of the first cross-city maglev line. 

But defining it as a "municipal transportation" made it easier to 
attract funding, Sun said. 

Smooth transportation for the World Expo 2010 was the catalyst to 
launch Shanghai's maglev early. 

According to official estimates, more than 70 million people will 
visit the site from May to October 2010, a major challenge for 
Shanghai's transport network. 

"Overseas experience has shown that rail transportation plays the key 
role in the expo transportation," Sun said. 

"Especially transportation outside of the city center. For example, 
there should be rail transportation to the expo side from the airport 
and railway station." 

Even after the Expo 2010, a high-speed transportation line was 
necessary for Shanghai's future, Sun told 21 Century Economy Report. 
"The world expo is in urgent preparation now. The project can't be 
delayed any longer," Sun said. 

"The work is done as discussion goes on."

Click to expand...


http://www.einnews.com/users/splash_login.php?redir=/templates/news.php?wid+117399287\"

http://en.ce.cn/Industries/Transport/200703/23/t20070323_10796820.shtml

http://www.shanghaidaily.com/sp/article/2007/200703/20070323/article_310089.htm




SHANGHAI has reportedly received state approval to extend its magnetic-levitation train line to Hongqiao Airport as part of a high-speed transport link between the city and Hangzhou. 

The go-ahead for the project came from the National Development and Reform Commission, the 21st Century Business Herald reported yesterday, citing an unidentified source in city government. 

The reported approval of the Hongqiao link follows the decision last March by the country's top economic planning body to build a 35 billion yuan (US$4.5 billion) maglev line between Shanghai and Hangzhou, capital of neighboring Zhejiang Province. 

According to the newspaper, Shanghai began to set aside land and relocate residents in October to pave the way for the construction. 

.... 

The extension will be sited along waterways and existing rail tracks as much as possible to avoid disrupting traffic and the lives of residents, said Sun Zhang, a professor at Tongji University. 

The current line, which carries trains on a field of magnetic energy, runs from the Pudong International Airport to the Longyang Road Metro Station. The new link will go from Longyang to Hongqiao International Airport, with stops at the site of the 2010 World Expo and the Shanghai South Railway Station. 

Construction on the segment from Shanghai to Jiaxing, a small city in Zhejiang, and from Jiaxing to Hangzhou may start after 2010, the newspaper report said. If so, that would represent a delay from the previously announced schedule, which called for the Shanghai-Hangzhou link to be completed in time for the World Expo. 

Shanghai will be in charge of the construction of the Shanghai-Jiaxing stretch, and the remainder will be built by Zhejiang Province, the report said. 

Reaching speeds up to 450 kilometers an hour, trains will take a half hour to make the 175-kilometer trip between Shanghai and Hangzhou, compared with about two hours now. 

The Herald said the Shanghai section will start construction first, as the city needs

Click to expand...












So, we are waiting desperately for construction pictures, or at least pictures of the clearing of the constructin site

This is what construction of the first maglev line looked likeGERMANY SUXChina's growing up fastSecret GardenThis provides non-stop transfers between the two airportsThe "rest of the story" is buried in the detailsMaglev takes turn for the better

http://www.shanghaidaily.com/sp/article/2008/200801/20080103/article_343772.htm




By Zhang Jun 2008-1-3 

THE planned Maglev line from Longyang Road Metro Station to Hongqiao International Airport has a new route, planners announced yesterday.

The plan for the new route has been placed on the official Website of Shanghai Urban Planning Administrative Bureau and the city's environment hotline website, to assess the public's reaction over the next two weeks.

The new extension part - or as called in the plan a "branch of the Shanghai-Hangzhou Maglev Line" - will run 31.8 kilometers, three kilometers shorter than an earlier plan. The name indicates that planning for a Maglev line to Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, is under way though no details are as yet forthcoming.

The map on the Website shows that the new Maglev line will run from the Longyang Road Metro Station, through the Bailianjing Area in Pudong, the entrance for 2010 World Expo site, and travel under the Huangpu River to reach Puxi.

In Puxi, it will link with the Shanghai South Railway Station and the Lianhua Road Metro Station before reaching the Hongqiao station interchange.

In Minhang District in Puxi, the line will run along the Dianpu River, a tributary of the Huangpu River. In an earlier plan, the line covered a longer distance.

The Website plan does not talk about the budget for the line or when work on it will begin. The project headquarters had no comment.

"The new route will reduce the impact of noise on nearby residents," Sun Zhang, a professor of rail transport of Tongji University who participated in the Maglev planning, said yesterday.

He said the major purpose of the revised route was to keep the line away from residential areas as much as possible, particularly the section in Minhang District.

To limit the noise in the downtown area, the speed of trains on the extension line will be kept to between 200kmh and 300kmh, Sun said.

The current Maglev runs at a maximum speed of 431kmh over the 30 kilometers between Pudong International Airport and the Longyang Road Metro Station and takes eight minutes.

He said the Hongqiao station interchange, where the western terminal is located, will also include the Shanghai-Beijing high speed terminal.

Click to expand...an thats how its going to look like:

http://www.shghj.gov.cn/News_Show.aspx?id=9725


































































































If my interpretation is right, they want to tear down the existing maglev station at longyang road, and build a new one besides it.GERMANY SUXpflo777 said:



an thats how its going to look like:

If my interpretation is right, they want to tear down the existing maglev station at longyang road, and build a new one besides it.

Click to expand...

great graphs. yes the maglev Longyang station will have to move north into Wanbang Square. That answers my Longyang station demolishment question.big-dog said:



great graphs. yes the maglev Longyang station will have to move north into Wanbang Square. That answers my Longyang station demolishment question.

Click to expand...

Now thats weired.

Its a really beautyfull, just 4 years old station !
Now they want to tear it down, and "move" it 100-150 meter to the north?



















Is my interpretation right, that the new Longyang road maglev station will already be underground?
Because considering the first graphic, it looks like the stretch towards the west starting at longyang road will be a 5,5 km long tunnel, right?GERMANY SUX^^ it is a pity to tear down a new station. but otherwise the maglev extension is not possible in the near future. 

Much of the adjustment (new station, underground route) is to deal with the pressure from the local residents (noise, radiation etc). 

But they simply have no much choice because imo the project leader knows clearly that the extension can't wait with subway line 2 extension's opening. Subway Line 2, which will extend to Pudong airport, will kill the maglev directly if the latter remains the same route and price.

Anyway it's a good move.Hopefully they can build a better Longyang maglev station.actually, in order for the maglev to survive, i think that the route should be revised again... it should have a route that will pass under Lujiazui and The Bund and have stations in those areas in order to attract tourists and businessmen then go to the Expo 2010 site then go to Hongquiao AirportAirports entered and traveled in:
MNL CEB TAG MPH USU KLO ENI KUL SIN HKG NRT ICN KIX TPE DOH CDG MXP VIE SFO LAX PHL MCO SYD BNE OOL DFW BTR MSYMaglev costs could more than double
By Wang Zhenghua (China Daily)
Updated: 2008-01-04 07:28


SHANGHAI: The cost of extending the city's maglev railway could be twice the original budget due to proposed revisions to minimize the impact on local residents, a source said Thursday.

A revised plan of the proposed route, published on the website of the city's urban planning administrative bureau, shows the line connecting Longyang Road with Hongqiao Airport, while avoiding densely populated areas.

Residents had earlier expressed concern about the possible health threat from magnetic fields around the railway.

The source told China Daily that costs could jump from 200 million ($27.5 million) to 500 million yuan for each kilometer of the extended line.

This is because a wider buffer zone between residents and the line has been proposed.

The government is yet to approve any extra funding.

There are also plans to extend the maglev line to the resort city of Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province.

The National Development and Reform Commission, is working to establish a company to head the project, the source said.

The Ministry of Railways and the Shanghai municipal government will each finance 40 percent of the total investment - which the source declined to disclose - for the Shanghai-Hangzhou maglev.

Zhejiang will finance the remainder.

Under the revised proposal, the Shanghai extension will stretch 31.8 km, 3 km less than originally planned, with significant "detours" away from residential areas. The changes were made because of residents' fears about perceived exposure to radiation and noise, the source said.

In response, authorities last year carried out environmental impact studies.

The revised route will be open for public comment for the next two weeks.

"Experiments have shown that the electromagnetic radiation is minimal compared with what is emitted from electronics appliances in the home," the source said.

"But the noise is a problem."

The Shanghai government is unlikely to abandon plans for the extended line, because 10 billion yuan has already been invested in the project, the source said.

http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2008-01/04/content_6369509.htmDebate over maglev route rolls onward
By Wang Zhenghua (China Daily)
Updated: 2008-01-09 07:16



SHANGHAI: Residents living near the new route of the city's maglev train have filed petitions demanding the plan be further revised.

The extension will connect Hongqiao airport and Longyang Road. The maglev runs between Longyang Road and Pudong airport and is the world's only commercial maglev railway.

The revised route, which could cost as much as twice the original budget, avoids densely populated areas and includes a wider buffer zone to reduce noise. The plan is currently open to public comment.

However, residents have been expressing their dissatisfaction with the new route via e-mails, calls and online forums.

A resident named Wuhedeng from the Shangnan Huacheng residential community wrote on a Web board that the new plan had made him uneasy.

"In the new plan, (some sections) pass by the community or go underground, but (the part) near the Expo garden is still exposed we are forced to 'enjoy' the noise and radiation that the new technology brings to us every day," he wrote.

But maglev experts dismissed radiation concerns, saying the government had widened the buffer zone to reduce noise.

Sun Zhang, a professor at Tongji University, said: "Experiments have shown the electromagnetic radiation is minimal compared with what is emitted by electronic appliances.

"Onboard, the electromagnetic radiation is only one-fifth of that from a color TV. But noise may be a problem."

http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2008-01/09/content_6379927.htm^^ Perfect. The new malev extension route's cost has already doubled. To get every person satisfied, I guess Shanghai has to build an underground maglev line.Ahh, so here's where the SH maglev thread is. No wonder I couldn't find it - it says "malgev" in the title! :lol:

Could anyone change it?>> flickr​GERMANY SUXIf I'm wrong, please correct me.
How may it reach Hongqiao Airport, if it is in the West and Pudong Airport is in the East, even South-East I'd say. Will Maglev line skirt around the city?Big Cities is one of the major inventions by human beings

My Baku / Мой Баку / 我的巴库

▐█████▌

#jesuisLepin
#jesuisHuawei
#КитайДержись!^^Shanghai still owes ten BILLION loans to national bank because of the current maglev trains.

I just hope Beijing & Shanghai can learn from Guangzhou----Using its own money instead of using the tax money from central government.Its on loan and will be returned when the time matures.JOHOR BAHRU​FACTBOX-Five facts about Shanghai's high-speed Maglev train 

Jan 15 (Reuters) - Hundreds of Shanghai residents protested at the weekend against plans to extend the city's magnetic levitation, or "maglev", train route into the city. 

Here are some key facts on the high-speed train: 

* Launched in China in 2003, Shanghai's system is the only commercial maglev in operation in the world. Built by the Chinese government and a German consortium, it cost a reported $1.4 billion. 

* Instead of having wheels like regular trains, the maglev train floats on a magnetic cushion between the vehicle and track, and is held on the tracks by electromagnetic pull. 

* The Shanghai maglev travels at a top speed of about 430 km (267 miles) per hour. The world's fastest train, France's TGV, was clocked at a record speed of 574.8 km per hour (357.2 miles per hour) in April 2007. 

* The maglev currently runs 30 km (19 miles) between an outlying part of Shanghai's financial district in Pudong and the international airport. The city government wants to extend the train's route by 32 km (20 miles) through Shanghai to near the city's domestic airport, saying this would speed travel between the airports and pose no threat to public safety. 

* But public opposition has grown since December 2007, with residents along the planned route complaining about the noise and claiming the electromagnetic radiation could damage their health. 

Sources: Reuters, Shanghai Maglev Official WebsiteWorld Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Watbig-dog said:



^^ Perfect. The new malev extension route's cost has already doubled. To get every person satisfied, I guess Shanghai has to build an underground maglev line. 

Click to expand...

...or perhaps pay for the effect on nearby property, as the US and Europe generally do. Why do you suppose it's so cheap in China? They just screw the locals over.Scifikids in an augmented reality based app which provides immersive 3D experiences of the information increasing your child's retention power and significantly making the process of learning easier, fun and interactivhttps://www.autoblog.com/2017/11/17/tesla-electric-semi-truck-elon-musk/

https://www.autoblog.com/2017/11/17/tesla-roadster-second-generation-fastest-car/I congratulate Elon Musk :cheers:Oh, this is a wonderful car. but what is his maximum power reserve?Reims - France

With its total surface of 2055 sqm, the new skatepark in Reims designed by Reims-based Planda and specialist skatepark firm Constructo, it’s one of the biggest skateparks in the North East of France. The site of the new skatepark is located in the park Léo Lagrange, bordered by the Olympic Pool of Reims and the Auguste Delaune Football Stadium. The oval shape of the skatepark is the result of four main axes which assure its integration into the surrounding landscape.

















































































http://www.urdesignmag.com/architecture/2015/01/08/skatepark-in-reims-by-planda-constructo/eu tenho um animal de estimação, que é um macaquinho de imitação​__________________Louisville, Kentucky - USA

In Louisville, Kentucky, an abandoned limestone mine dug tens of meters below the surface was used to create a park for cycling enthusiasts with nearly 8 km runs, jumps and mogul fields, which gives the place a pretty surreal appearance.








































































http://www.louisvillemegacavern.com/attractions/6/underground-bike-parkeu tenho um animal de estimação, que é um macaquinho de imitação​__________________London - UK

Spread across five tunnels winding their way beneath the city’s waterloo station, ‘house of vans london‘ has opened with a celebration of art, music and skateboarding. The free creative space offers visitors a chance to experience the british capital’s only indoor skatepark, comprised of a pool-style concrete bowl, street section and mini-ramp. Helping integrate the project within the community, the initiative is affiliated with three local charities.






















































http://www.designboom.com/architecture/house-of-vans-london-indoor-skatepark-08-25-2014/eu tenho um animal de estimação, que é um macaquinho de imitação​__________________That's nice location images. it's really very good place for playing.Theyre just making ways to injured another child.Company Registry Hong KongA skatepark in south Linköping. Skating in march is not common here but today the weather was sunny.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThe Burnside Skatepark in Portland, OR.



















The Lee and Joe Jamail SKatepark in Houston (one of the largest in the US).*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Southsea Skatepark England


https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place...2!3m1!1s0x0000000000000000:0x4145eddfbe604ec6Read your post and with amazing images. ThanksFamily LawNo skateparks on my city!The new Skatepark of Buenos Aires, with gorgeous views of the skyline of the city, and at the same time in front the Aeroparque International Airport where people go film spotting on weekends due to its busy airplane traffic:INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayHello there 

I have always been a huge fan of skating! I wish I could learn skateboarding and places like these tempt me so much to skate on these ramps.Premium Hotel Booking Services - Bookit247Ostankino skate park in Moscow. 1 hectare in size
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqFV_1Yl0mEEurasian Union gang representTokyocheesesteak - My Youtube channel for construction updates, travel videos and urban scenes from around the world

My articles on New York YIMBYThe pics you posted for the SKatepark in Houston is really nice and the park is made so beautifully that looks very attractive.Buying Investment Property | Income Properties for SaleSarasotaLa Mexicana park

skatepark:dont know where it is, but its cooleu tenho um animal de estimação, que é um macaquinho de imitação​__________________''Kablys'' (''Hook'') bar, club, skateboard ring in Vilnius LTSome parks in LT
Vilnius
















Panevėžys








DruskininkaiFound this video on /modular construction in Canada (Calgary) Very interesting technology.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ro0dIzMuOgLocated Next To KLIA





















THE SEPANG CIRCUIT

Total Area: 90 hectres
Pit Building: L: 350 m W: 24-30m
No. of Pits :30 units
Grandstand Capacity:30,000
General Admission:80,000
Track Length: 5.542 km
No. Of Turns: Left 5; Right 10
Straights: 8
Width: 16m (T1:18m; T2:20m; T15: 25m)
Longest Straight: 928m {T15 toT1}
Gradient:T2>T3: -5.6% T9>T10: +3.67%
Widest Run-Off: T13-T14
Gate Entrance: 8



FORMULA ONE 2005 CALENDAR  

06/03/2005 - Australia Melbourne 
20/03/2005 - Malaysia Sepang 
03/04/2005 - Bahrain Sakhir 
24/04/2005 - San Marino Imola 
08/05/2005 - Spain Barcelona 
22/05/2005 - Monaco Monaco 
29/05/2005 - Europe Nurburgring 
12/06/2005 - Canada Montréal 
19/06/2005 - USA Indianapolis 
03/07/2005 - France Magny-Cours 
10/07/2005 - UK Silverstone 
24/07/2005 - Germany Hockenheim 
31/07/2005 - Hungary Hungaroring 
21/08/2005 - Turkey Istanbul 
04/09/2005 - Italy Monza 
11/09/2005 - Belgium Spa
25/09/2005 - Brazil Interlagos 
09/10/2005 - Japan Suzuka 
16/10/2005 - China ShanghaiNew York City    ~    Kuala Lumpur  

Please Click Here For More  
KUALA LUMPUR PICSF1 Grand Prix ~New York City    ~    Kuala Lumpur  

Please Click Here For More  
KUALA LUMPUR PICSNew York City    ~    Kuala Lumpur  

Please Click Here For More  
KUALA LUMPUR PICSJapan GT Championship Malaysia 2005

RoadShow Promotions :New York City    ~    Kuala Lumpur  

Please Click Here For More  
KUALA LUMPUR PICSNew York City    ~    Kuala Lumpur  

Please Click Here For More  
KUALA LUMPUR PICSNew York City    ~    Kuala Lumpur  

Please Click Here For More  
KUALA LUMPUR PICSVery Nice! kay:I miss those old Orange Arrows and Benson & Hedges Jordan cars...Great pics........-deleted-KL is like Singapore but with steroidFor the last two decades, China began to grow exponentially. It is quite interesting to look closely at the new train industry that was developed, among them the CSR and CNR corporations. They also began to export the new infraestructure to the rest world, like the case of the countries who already had a rail infraestructure and those where it was built from the ground like some countries of Africa.

So I will start the thread with the new chinese trains who came to Argentina, more specifically with the trains of Buenos Aires and surroundings suburbs:INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 Uruguayvery good :cheers:New Zealand has the DL class diesel locomotives. These were designed and built by Dalian Locomotive and Rolling Stock, but have a German MTU diesel engine. 


DL class by sth475, on Flickr"You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place." -Vladimir PutinJapanese trains are better than China.WeIn Buenos Aires: the new trains of the Roca Line (mixed on the video with the old ones), brought from ChinaINTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayChinese slow speed trains have improved in quality over the years. They have learned, starting from their CK series of trains exported to Namibia, Malaysia, NZ and now Argentina.China will have a job exporting high speed trains anywhere. Too many patent infringement issues.Brexit Might Work..........IF EVERYBODY SHOUTS ALL THE TIME.Made-in-China train delivered to Macedonia 

The first advanced multiple-unit train exported from China to Europe has been delivered to Skopje, the capital of Macedonia, according to manufacturer Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Co. Ltd. on Saturday.

The company, in central China's Hunan Province, is a subsidiary of China's high-speed rail (HSR) group CRRC Corp. Ltd.

Assembly and testing has now begun, said Chen Xihong, deputy chief engineer of Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive.

The train has three cars which can carry 280 passengers in total. Its design is in line with the most strict safety standards in Europe, said Chen.

Macedonia requires the trains to have a top speed of 140 km per hour. The train was developed to reach a maximum speed of 160 km per hour, to ensure safety and leave room for future speed increases, said Chen.

The train will run on a 215-km railway between Tabanovce in northern Macedonia and Gevgelija at the southern border with Greece.

The two countries reached an agreement on the purchase in June.




























http://www.china.org.cn/business/2015-10/31/content_36944000.htmXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXSo I will start the thread with the new chinesetai game mien phi ve dien thoai - Tai gameChinese trains in the Once Railway Station (Sarmiento Line), Buenos Aires:INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 Uruguay^^


On Video:INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayThe new chinese trains of the Roca Line who connect the city of Buenos Aires with Mar del Plata, also with a brand new rail infraestructureINTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayThere's too many variables with china train companies (even though they are nominally under the same parent company, the CRCC) Zhuzhou and Sifang rolling stocks plants tend to produce decent trains while some others (especially Dalian rolling stock plant) tend to build subpar trains.Bearer of the Element of ⚡~Loyalty~⚡
Charity-Compassion-Devotion-Integrity-Optimism-Leadership

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoXD9z03ZWsSan Martín Line, Buenos Aires:INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayFor the last two decades, China began to grow exponentially. It is quite interesting to look closely at the new train industry that was developed, among them the CSR and CNR corporations. They also began to export the new infraestructure to the rest world, like the case of the countries who already had a rail infraestructure and those where it was built from the ground like some countries of Africa.The Mitre Line at Chinatown Buenos Aires:INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguayBuenos Aires from the new chinese trains of the Mitre Line:INTERNATIONAL THREADS - CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY:
🇦🇩 Andorra - 🇦🇷 Argentina - 🇦🇹 Austria - 🇧🇪 Belgium - 🇧🇷 Brazil - 🇨🇱 Chile - 🇨🇴 Colombia - 🇨🇿 Czech Republic - 🇩🇰 Denmark - 🇬🇧 England, UK - 🇫🇷 France
🇩🇪 Germany - 🇬🇷 Greece - 🇭🇺 Hungary - 🇮🇪 Ireland - 🇮🇹 Italy - 🇯🇪 Northern Ireland - 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein - 🇱🇺 Luxembourg - 🇳🇱 Netherlands - 🇳🇴 Norway
🇵🇦 Panamá - 🇵🇪 Perú - 🇵🇹 Portugal - 🇸🇰 Slovakia - 🇪🇸 Spain - 🇸🇪 Sweden - 🇨🇭 Switzerland - 🇹🇷 Turkey - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales - 🇺🇸 U.S.A. - 🇺🇾 UruguaySimply amazing!Most Haunted Places in Indianew chinese trains

chinese trainsI think Japanese trains are better than China.Beijing South Railway Station is a large railway station on the south side of Beijing that opened on August 1, 2008. 
The new Beijing South Station, is the second largest in Asia,after Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station,and joins the Beijing Railway Station and the Beijing West Railway Station as the third major passenger rail hub in the Chinese capital. It serves as the terminus for high-speed trains to the city, including the Beijing–Tianjin Intercity Rail, which can reach speeds above 350 km/h.other railway stationsChina has the world's longest high-speed rail (HSR) network with about 9,676 km (6,012 mi) of routes in service as of June 2011 including 3,515 km (2,184 mi) of rail lines with top speeds of 300 km/h (186 mph).[citation needed] According to the BBC, China will by 2012 have more high-speed railway tracks than the rest of the world put together. Since the introduction of high-speed rail on April 18, 2007, daily ridership has grown from 237,000 in 2007 and 349,000 in 2008 to 492,000 in 2009 and 796,000 in 2010.

China's high speed rail network consists of upgraded conventional rail lines, newly-built high-speed passenger designated lines (PDLs), and the world’s first high-speed commercial magnetic levitation (maglev) line. The country has been undergoing an HSR building boom. With generous funding from the Chinese government's economic stimulus program, 17,000 km (11,000 mi) of high-speed lines are now under construction. The entire HSR network will reach 13,073 km (8,123 mi) by the end of 2011[4] and 25,000 km (16,000 mi) by the end of 2015.[5]

China is the first and only country to have commercial train service on conventional rail lines that can reach 350 km/h (217 mph) .Very nice station and trains! I wish the US had something like this!Metro Miami...1000+ highrises completed & under construction. RIP QUANTUM XWhen you have time, add more pictures please.. Especially other railway stations.I like the train. Very nice mix between post-modern luxury and cosy kitsch.' ' Sài Gòn không bao giờ ngủ - Vì tiền không bao giờ đủ 'Shanghai railway stationWuhan railway stationWuhan railway stationWuhan railway stationdel"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains taken to bring it to light. " - George Washington^^ Since when Poland and Estonia are "much poorer" than Russia?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)_per_capitaso bermuda and cayman islands are richer than poland, even greece in some case. And china is poorer than poland if I follow your link as I did not explain why I said "Russia is richer than poland and estonia". You get me confusing, I just hope you had a bit of more sense to understand my question of "why russian architecture can't get off the sovietic style" but thank you to try to answer it, at least your wrote me"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains taken to bring it to light. " - George WashingtonI don't understand the question. In my opinion Russian architecture is not ugly at all.Do you really think that this is ugly?










https://vk.com/bestroofers^^ Erhm, yes. But to be fair I'm not sure it is a uniquely Russian thing. Ugly is often cheap and cheap to build means higher profit margins.To answer the question in the first post, there's this thing called value engineering (ve for short) and it seems to be running rampant in Russia atm.If you can read this then you aren't blind.Actually I think Russian architecture improved a lot in the last few years, probably all former-communist countries experimented with very cheap postmodernism during their transformation, we had a period of mostly bad architecture in Poland too during the '90 (it might be a bit different in the baltics because they didn't have a lot of construction at all during that period from what I've heard :dunno but in the East it lasted longer and the scale was often bigger too so if they return back to just solid late-modernism and some Western inspirations after two decades of pseudo-historic crap then it's clearly a progress to me.

As to why the buildings are often massive and "commieblockish" I guess Russia still has cheap oil and gas so prefab construction is more affordable than it would be in Europe, they don't need as much insulation etc. so there is no reason to close down the housing factories, especially since they probably still have a huge housing shortage. You should also remember that economy in Russia is controlled by a small group of oligarhs that always like to have a big proffit without paying too much so they don't really like the idea of being competitive, it's not really a free market.What I find most puzzling is that Russia only has two premier cities for such a huge and powerful country. Moscow and St Petersburg are outstanding and then there's nothing else. What happened? Why has Russia not been able to develop more world class, Premier cities? The smaller cities are quite lacking from a cultural, architectural, and economic perspective.My New York by Krzychokoolkid said:



What I find most puzzling is that Russia only has two premier cities for such a huge and powerful country. Moscow and St Petersburg are outstanding and then there's nothing else. What happened? Why has Russia not been able to develop more world class, Premier cities? The smaller cities are quite lacking from a cultural, architectural, and economic perspective.

Click to expand...

What time period you talk about? In Russian Empire there were many modern and beautiful cities, but more than half of them are not in Russia anymore - Riga, Odessa etc. In Soviet Union - yes, I agree with you, but there are some interesting cities if you are a fan of some architectural styles. Nowdays it is still two cities and all the others, but for example Yekaterinburg and Kazan have ambitions to be "the 3rd capital" and some others are boom cities now, like Krasnodar.
I agree that there are not so many interesting cities in Russia comparing to other European countries and the distances between them are awfully big, but anyway it is not like two cities and a desert (or taiga) betwee them even than it really looks like it when you travel from Moscow to Saint Peteersburg.This troll.55 Infiniti 55;126360366 said:



У нас уже есть Валиханова,ей равных в России нет(про пешеходки)!!!Любинский красивым будет,вот вспомните мои слова и этот текст.

Click to expand...

:banana:Iluminat said:



You should also remember that economy in Russia is controlled by a small group of oligarhs that always like to have a big proffit without paying too much so they don't really like the idea of being competitive, it's not really a free market.

Click to expand...

You write about what you do not know.The competition is crazy in the construction business.55 Infiniti 55;126360366 said:



У нас уже есть Валиханова,ей равных в России нет(про пешеходки)!!!Любинский красивым будет,вот вспомните мои слова и этот текст.

Click to expand...

:banana:Ugly is always a difficult term. I don't think, that russian architecture is ugly. And Imperia-tower is one of my favorite towers in Moscow.

To the point, why they are building in Russia still houses, like in the Soviet Union:

There are many reasons.

1. The houses build in the soviet-times are pretty comfortable. Those are nice new houses, with mostly an inner courtyard, with playgroungs for children. So for many families, those houses are pretty nice.

2. Russian winters can be very cold. If you build houses with fascades of glass, you have to use pretty expensive glass of heat a lot (not very efficient). Thats why houses in Russia don't have that much glass outside the windows.

3. In Russia many new flats are needed. To serve the demand, you have to build as many houses, as cheap and as quick as possible.

4. At least people from different countries have different tastes. Maybe the rusians don't think, they are ugly. I also like the "soviet-style" houses much more, than the houses, that were build in Germany in the 50's and 60's.Wir sind die Niedersachsen, Sturmfest und erdverwachsen, Heil Herzog Widukinds Stamm!It has improved a lot. But still far from being beautiful.The author of the post ( I guess from Eastern Europe) with an inferiority complexBecause Russia is located on the outskirts of Europe and is culturally backward? To be honest, this is also the case with many other Eastern European and post-Soviet countries.We all are born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Benjamin FranklinILCOMEBACK said:



The author of the post ( I guess from Eastern Europe) with an inferiority complex

Click to expand...

I grew up in Eastern Europe. I that was the case with me as well.I don't get the OP.
I love these new massive housing projects which have flourished in Russian cities.
They're cool, not ugly.My youtube channelkoolkid said:



What I find most puzzling is that Russia only has two premier cities for such a huge and powerful country. Moscow and St Petersburg are outstanding and then there's nothing else. What happened? Why has Russia not been able to develop more world class, Premier cities? The smaller cities are quite lacking from a cultural, architectural, and economic perspective.

Click to expand...

I can say the same about US, is there anything else besides NYC and LA? At least I'm unaware of. In case of UK I can name only London, Same for France and Germany. 

It more has to do with my and your ignorance.

From architectural perspectives in Russia you have to look at historical cities like Kazan, Nizhniy Novgorod and so. Or disneyland-like Yoshkar-Ola.

Novosibirsk - the third largest Russian city now, is little more than 100 years old. It definitely lacks in architecture as it is 90% Soviet provincial creature as it was 9th (!) in Soviet Union by the time of its collapse. Almost same story with Ekaterinburg, - the 4th in Russia and 10th in SU, - except it existed before like some provincial village in the Russian Empire with up to 40 000 residents by the time of the Civil War.

None of this (Bar Yoshka) are lacking from cultural perspective, at least within Russia. Neither both lacks in economy, sough there is more prosperous cities and towns in North-West Siberia, some of which were founded in 1960-80 (!).

Also, you have to remember, that past 400 years or so (longer than US existed, including colonial period) Russia was developing in broader perspectives with inclusion of the cities like Minsk, Kiev, Tbilisi and so on. If tomorrow California will split with US what will be the second largest city in this California-lees US? Can you name it without googling?the_tower said:



Hi!
So I was wondering, why Russia keeps having an architecture that is not really moving up?

Click to expand...

Would be nice of you if you would provide what is "nice" by your taste. I certainly don't find anything beautiful in Warsaw's new skyline. Palace of Culture is still best looking building there especially in contrast with fugly monstrosities they are building there now, while in Moscow the Seven Sisters are turning to rocky background for the City "crystals".Just wondering which style everyone prefers. Personally, I don't like the American trucks nearly as much, mostly because I don't like their "in your face!" attitude. They're just big, brash, and they don't look all that great in my opinion unless you like that type of stuff, which most Americans seem to for some reason (be big, be brash, in your face "GO BIG RIGS!!!" type of attitude is common in the US).




























In Europe and most of the rest of the world(besides Australia and Maybe New Zealand), the trucks are more stylish. They still haul just as much, still do the same work, but look good doing it. I mean, just look at these;




























They haul stuff and look good doing it. I dunno, i've just always preferred their look. Less "in your face", and more style, despite the fact that trucks aren't even really meant to be stylish.Check out my Flickr account!
hotostream:In Australia (home of the road train) American makes predominate for long distance haulage, Kenworth, Freightliner, Western Star, Mack etc. (built in Aus in right hand drive). They almost always have sleeper cabs too, which seem to be noticely absent from Euro trucks. Euro trucks are common in urban areas though. Have to say I prefer the American style, seeing one of those roaring toward you towing three trailers, weaving all over the road on a narrow outback highway will put the fear of God into anyone.American trucks have more presence and bling, European ones are more practical and understated (as trucks should be). But aesthetically, I like American ones better.I left my <3 in HK

RIP Dopey - 9/2005 - 20/2/2008My favorite:Great DantXavier, you managed to find pics of the best looking American trucks and the shittiest European trucks.My Substack: Occidental OrientationI like the styling of the European trucks better, but I think most Americans much prefer the American Style, which is a more industrial look than high-tech style. However, in the US at least, there is a huge preference for conventional cabs - they ride better, you don't have to tile the cab every time you need to access the engine, and they are a bit safer - with a whole lot of engine between you and whatever it is you hit. In the US, where length limits are no longer as strict, most larger trucks are conventional cab.Here some more of SCANIAΚαι πρώτα απ'όλα τι εννοούμε λέγοντας παιδεία; Την πληροφορία, την τεχνική, το δίπλωμα εξειδίκευσης που εξασφαλίζει γάμο, αυτοκίνητο κι ακίνητο, με πληρωμή την πλήρη υποταγή του εξασφαλισθέντος
ή την πνευματική και ψυχική διάπλαση ενός ελεύθερου ανθρώπου, με τεχνική αναθεώρησης κι ονειρικής δομής, με αγωνία απελευθέρωσης και με διαθέσεις μιας ιπτάμενης φυγής προς τ'άστρα; M.X.SuomiPoika said:



Great DantXavier, you managed to find pics of the best looking American trucks and the shittiest European trucks.

Click to expand...

Those were some of my favorite European truck pictures. I've had them on my computer for a while. Sorry if you don't like themCheck out my Flickr account!
hotostream:Italian IVECO group is now one of the world’s largest manufacturers in the transport sector.
http://www.iveco.com/
The group operates through the following brands:
Iveco, Iveco Motors, Iveco Magirus, Astra, Seddon Atkinson and Irisbus. 
http://www.stralis.iveco.com/The words 'out of context' come to mind :?^^ 
IVECO is the All Blacks official global sponsor.Is there a difference in turn radius between US and Euro style trucks?Mises.org | FullReserveBanking.com | ParteiDerVernunft.de | Liberal-Konservative Reformer | I Altersarmut-per-Gesetz.de | ADG eV

The real cost of the state is the prosperity we do not see, the jobs that don’t exist, the technologies to which we do not have access, the businesses that do not come into existence, and the bright future that is stolen from us. (Frédéric Bastiat)Talk about baised and one sided this thread is. Look over the types of American trucks again. Thats an old American style you show. Look at kenworths now, Freightliners, and others.Washington State Forum
Visit today!Some more American Trucks, not outdated ones like shown in first post that has old crummy pictures for American trucks, and fancy high tech images of Euro trucks.








Peterbilt.








Classic American truck style. Peterbilt.








Some modern Frieghtliner trucks.








Freightliner truck.








New Kenworth design for 2007.








A Kenworth.








Kenworth.








Mack Truck.








Older International semi.







Modern American semi.Washington State Forum
Visit today!A few more American semi trucks.








Freightliner.








Another Freightliner.








Kenworth I beleive.Washington State Forum
Visit today!They both look kind of cool. But I go with the American Trucks. They do seem to have a lot of room for the passanger and others. They also look so powerful and stronger. I know that is just a look, not that there is any difference in strenght of both trucks.Overall, I don't like trucks...but the American ones look better.SkyscraperCity SOOMAALIYAI like European trucks, espeically VOLVO.American trucks with long noses are useless in Europe. You can't supply a supermarket with such a long nose, since truckroutes and loading docks have little space. 

As i see at my work, they have 1 inch left-over at front, and 2 inches at the backside.highway photography @ Flickrkrull said:



They both look kind of cool. But I go with the American Trucks. They do seem to have a lot of room for the passanger and others. They also look so powerful and stronger. I know that is just a look, not that there is any difference in strenght of both trucks. 

Click to expand...

¿passangers? ¿since when a truck is a public mass transport?The best IM client: Telegram

The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards - and even then I have my doubts. Gene Spafford.
I am Basque, not Russian, the "Siberia" thing is a joke.Title Says all....

Some near me...


High Voltage at Secaucus by Nexis4Jersey09, on Flickr


High Voltage & Jersey City Skyline by Nexis4Jersey09, on Flickr


High Voltage Monster Tower in Secaucus by Nexis4Jersey09, on Flickr


High Voltage Hill Climb by Jersey JJ, on Flickr


20140629_123841 by Kilovolt Andrew, on Flickr


20140627_195630 by Kilovolt Andrew, on FlickrComing Winter 2018 , Traveling the World by Rail , my new photo blog
Visit the Reorganized New York City Section 
My Photography Websitehttps://nexis4jersey.smugmug.com/ 
Visit the New Jersey SectionPoland :
750 kV Rzeszów-ChmielnickaAmazon river in Brazil


















Renato|Anápolis








Renato|Anápolis#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”You know that there are already at least two threads discussing power lines?

This: http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1544990
And this: http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1382059BriedisUnIzlietne said:



You know that there are already at least two threads discussing power lines?

This: http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1544990
And this: http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1382059

Click to expand...

The First one is low voltage and the second one didn't come up in a search...they should merge my thread into the second thread.Coming Winter 2018 , Traveling the World by Rail , my new photo blog
Visit the Reorganized New York City Section 
My Photography Websitehttps://nexis4jersey.smugmug.com/ 
Visit the New Jersey SectionVenezuelaEverywhere they all look the same. :lol:¡Exijo que el urbanismo mejore!



......................………...............

https://www.flickr.com/photos/[email protected]/500 кV

Фотографии в альбоме «Волгоградская область», автор langeo на Яндекс.Фотках



[more]Мы, геодезисты, для того на Землю и присланы, чтобы вас, смертных, наставлять на путь истинный, ибо неразумны вы в делах своих.

langeo.org Сельское хозяйство сегодня.
http://fotki.yandex.ru/users/langeo/Some recent high voltage photos ive taken


High Voltage lines in Chatham,NJ by Corey Best, on Flickr


High Voltage lines in Chatham,NJ by Corey Best, on Flickr


Electric Feel in Cos Cob,CT by Corey Best, on FlickrComing Winter 2018 , Traveling the World by Rail , my new photo blog
Visit the Reorganized New York City Section 
My Photography Websitehttps://nexis4jersey.smugmug.com/ 
Visit the New Jersey SectionChina

These are not my photos, they are taken from press releases.

Yunnan to Guangdong +/- 800kv (UHVDC) line


















Anhui to Shanghai 1000kv (UHVAC) lineNexis said:



Title Says all....

Some near me...


High Voltage at Secaucus by Nexis4Jersey09, on Flickr


High Voltage & Jersey City Skyline by Nexis4Jersey09, on Flickr


High Voltage Monster Tower in Secaucus by Nexis4Jersey09, on Flickr


High Voltage Hill Climb by Jersey JJ, on Flickr


20140629_123841 by Kilovolt Andrew, on Flickr


20140627_195630 by Kilovolt Andrew, on Flickr

Click to expand...

This is great! Human brain is too great!Nexis said:



Some recent high voltage photos ive taken


High Voltage lines in Chatham,NJ by Corey Best, on Flickr

Click to expand...

New "towers" in Moscow (they build em like this maybe for 2-3 years) are similar in some way:




Some of these things looks monstrous:








source









sourceSome from around Australia


2010-05-14_1528-39A by Druey K, on Flickr


North-western side of the South Morang Terminal Station by Marcus Wong, on Flickr


Powerlines at Dusk by Mr Magoo ICU, on Flickr


Pimba Rd by Cat, on Flickr


CONNECTED by Luke Reynolds, on Flickr@RokasLT: I believe that most powerlines in Lithuania are from Soviet era

@human187: since when are in Russia ( and the former Soviet Union) tubular steel pylons used for voltages over 35 kV? 
As I know many lines in the former Soviet Union with voltages in the range between 110 kV and 500 kV are installed on towers of prefabricated concrete. Since when is it done? On Youtube I saw a Soviet propaganda video from the 1950ies, which shows among other the erection of such towers with helicopter aid.Obelixx said:



@human187: since when are in Russia ( and the former Soviet Union) tubular steel pylons used for voltages over 35 kV? 
As I know many lines in the former Soviet Union with voltages in the range between 110 kV and 500 kV are installed on towers of prefabricated concrete. Since when is it down? On Youtube I saw a Soviet propaganda video from the 1950ies, which shows among other the erection of such towers with helicopter aid.

Click to expand...

I failed finding such info right now. I can only say that both metal and concrete pylons are used as of today, probably metallic are currently replacing concrete.A couple of photos, taken near my house up in rural Nordland.Criteria for voting consists on:
-Cost
-Efficency
-Easy to use?
-Clean/Modern?
-Size of system
-Ridership
-Speed, is it easy to get from place to place?Dallas Urban Development News | SSC Worlds Best Transport Network PollReserved: For imagesDallas Urban Development News | SSC Worlds Best Transport Network PollTransportation only limits to Public Transportation or all transportation modes?highway photography @ Flickrall.Dallas Urban Development News | SSC Worlds Best Transport Network PollWhy is SF not up there?
And why is HK and Shenzhen grouped together?

Usually when people do one like this, they have a nominate and a discuss thread, after a certain period of time, finalists are nominated for the official vote.

I have a feeling at least a couple of those would not belong on there.I left my <3 in HK

RIP Dopey - 9/2005 - 20/2/2008I vote for Madrid. Both road and mass transit are excellent there.highway photography @ Flickrdefinitely TokyoThe best transport system I've ever seen is definitely Madrid, it's got a huge underground system, really modern and kept up to date, really fast and efficient, it gets you anywhere. Apart from those 16 underground lines, you can also use the Cercanías Renfe service composed by 10 lines. Apart from that, you can uso use an extensive bus network, including night buses and special services. Taxis are common as well. It's also got funiculars. As for the roads, it has got a very dense motorway system, including four or five orbital motorways, many radial motorways. It is also linked to most Spanish capitals by high speed rail services, and every capital will be linked to Madrid by high speed connections in about four years. As for the airports, Madrid has got one of the most important ones in Europe and in the whole world, that's Madrid Barajas, increasing in number of passenger with a rate of about 10% each year.flickr
Twitter: uksergio
Living Mallorcagladisimo said:



Why is SF not up there?
And why is HK and Shenzhen grouped together?

Usually when people do one like this, they have a nominate and a discuss thread, after a certain period of time, finalists are nominated for the official vote.

I have a feeling at least a couple of those would not belong on there.

Click to expand...

If SF is abriviative for San Fransisco, as you said it definately shouldn't belong up there. I know Dallas shouldn't =D but the BART (Bay area transit system) is  
only known for it's underbay tunnel, and cable carts. Besides that it does not do the job of transporting people around.Dallas Urban Development News | SSC Worlds Best Transport Network PollTokyo manages to transport more people to further more precise distances than anywhere else on the planet every day, affordably and efficiently. Each of the top 3 busiest underground stations manage more than 2.3 million each every day.What Is The World's Greatest City?Dallas star said:



If SF is abriviative for San Fransisco, as you said it definately shouldn't belong up there. I know Dallas shouldn't =D but the BART (Bay area transit system) is 
only known for it's underbay tunnel, and cable carts. Besides that it does not do the job of transporting people around.

Click to expand...

Well that was my point, SF is more deserving of some of the cities listed up there. I don't think SF should be up there either.I left my <3 in HK

RIP Dopey - 9/2005 - 20/2/2008ok then I know some aren't supposed to be up there and I was really in the rush to fill all 30 slots in 5 minutes (I type slowly!) so I kinda threw all the cities from the other thread in that I knew from the top of my head, if your city isn't up there just post the name and click other.Dallas Urban Development News | SSC Worlds Best Transport Network PollBest place I've been to for local transport would be London. Theres no aircon which is the down side.I can't know what city has the best public transportation system in the world, but here are some data about Madrid so everybody can compare:

Population: 3,238,208 

Number of bus lines: 209

Number of buses: 2,035 all of them with aircon system

Tariffs: different tariffs for elderly people and students, monthly or annual travel passes but the basic tariff is 1€, if you buy 10 tickets the price is 6.40 €.

Monthly travel Pass:

Normal Pass (40.45 €), Young people (26.30 €), Pensioners (10.15 €)

EMT, Municipal Transport Company is the public transport company owned by the town council. It controls the bus transport and regulates its tariffs.


Underground transport:

Number of lines: 16 all trains have aircon system

number of stations: 318

Number of km: 322.3

Number of escalators in the different stations: 1,616











Number of elevators: more than 500. Even though it is still far from perfect, it probably is the best metro system for elderly and handicapped people. New York has 97 elevators, London 75 and Paris 24.










Tariffs: same as for buses.

MetroMadrid is a public transport company owned both by Madrid local government and Madrid regional government. It controls the metro transport and regulates its tariffs.


Taxis.

number of taxis: 15,640. Both the number of taxis and the tariffs are controlled and regulated by the town council.
Tariffs. 1.95€ when you hire the taxi, plus 0.87 €/km


Madrid, April 2008. Ridership.

Bus.....: 40.5 million passengers per month
Metro..: 64.6 million passengers per month


Madrid public transport system is efficient, extensive, comfortable, clean and economic._____________________________________________
Visit my city, Madrid  http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=621026

Aspects of Madrid that tourists seldom see. http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=701822

or visit Green Madrid http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=676798Washington DC probably has the best Metro System here in United States. But Worldwise Greater Tokyo has the best system, either highway or metro system followed closely by Madrid. The difference between Tokyo and Madrid is Tokyo is most densely populated city in the world and it can still handle that amount of people (37,000,000 people). While Madrid is not even in the top ten.^^ It's also about quality, not about quantity. That's why many choose Madrid over Tokyo/New York perhaps.highway photography @ FlickrLondon. (Incl. Buses, commputer rail, trams, underground, taxis)^^ But road traffic is crap, Lowering the "best transportation Sytem" value.highway photography @ Flickrdiegodbs said:



Madrid
...
Underground transport:

Number of lines: 16 all trains have aircon system

number of stations: 318

Number of km: 322.3
...

Click to expand...

Madrid has a very good underground system!
kay:
Just some corrections:
-13 metro lines.
-281.58 km.
-231 stations.
-Not all trains have got air conditioned yet...


IMHO, Tokyo has got the best transportation system in the world now.
:wink2:www.urbanrail.net
Εγώ είμαι ο Νταβόρ!! 
David (DavoR for my friends) ​川添 Kawazoe (riverside) 海斗 Kaito (big dipper of the ocean), in Japanese.​Yo si la ciudad no tiene metro, como que no es gran ciudad y entonces ya paso de vivir allí. Norreport+12000​hong kong has alot of metro busesI have been researching this, and I always took it on faith that since trains cary more people and run on electricity, that they were more energy efficient than private cars. As it turns out, that is by no means a safe assumption to make. I have stumbled across a few articles that tackle the subject, and while there is some disagreement on the numbers, the conclusion is clear: the winner is not as obvious as you think.

BTU per passenger mile








Source: http://www.templetons.com/brad/transit-myth.html

I found this website to be a great summation of the available data. On average, as we expect, solo car driving is an inefficient means of transportation. However, city buses are not much more efficient. Heavy rail and average rail transport is more efficient, but the average car actually beats the average heavy rail system!

Why is this? Think about the systems associated with each mode. With a private vehicle, you turn it on when you need it, and when you're done, it's off. There is not much idling to speak of, and you're generally not making many stops. You go straight from your point of departure to your point of arrival. With trains, that is certainly not the case. While theoretically trains are more efficient, there are more caveats for its use. First, you have more stops do to different people taking different trips. On top of that, and this is probably the bigger issue, these trains have to run all day or else they cannot be relied upon. Thus, your crowded rush hour train is not indicative of how the train is used most of the day. Those noon or 8 pm trips are lightly packed, but use just about the same amount of energy, yet they're necessary so that people don't get stranded. The auto has a huge advantage over trains in this regard.

What's missing?
A point that I find lacking in this analysis is the actual cost of manufacture. You cannot just look at the cost of fuel, the operating cost, while also ignoring capital costs. That is a big chunk of the cost to autos, while also very expensive for train systems. 

General thoughts
It seems to me pretty clear what is the most efficient means of transportation, then. That would be an economy car with a low cost of capital, high fuel efficiency, and ideally with multiple passengers. I don't think that an urban rail system is ever going to be able to compete with that. So perhaps we should think twice about growing rail systems and diverting money away from vehicles completely.

Are there other issues with vehicles? Of course. Vehicles take space, and congestion is a big issue. However, generally the means to overcome these problems, such as congestion pricing, are not really used. Then there is the issue of urban development, and whether we should focus on high density while getting away from suburban development. I don't mean to get into that here, but I realize that the capital costs of vehicles grows tremendously in high density, while it's much cheaper in low density areas. Remember, though, the same is true for urban rail systems.

So maybe in the end, instead of fancy trains (which are fun, don't get me wrong), we ought instead to be encouraging people to drive these.“Violence is not necessary to destroy a civilization. Each civilization dies from
indifference toward the unique values which created it.” - Nicolás Gómez Dávila

"A wicked man puts up a bold front, but an upright man gives thought to his ways." - Proverbs 21: 29The energy use in manufacturing would benefit trains though I think. Sure it takes a lot of energy to make one but then it can last 40 years before scrapping compared with 10-15 years for the average car and you are going to have to manufacture thosands of cars to get the same number of passenger-miles that a train sees in its lifetime.

It also depends on the fuel used for the trains electricity or diesel.

If a rail system or bus is very lightly used though I can see how it would be very inefficient, I guess that's the case with the Galveston example. If you have trains full of 500+ people on every journey all day long 7 days a week it's a different prospect altogether.Jonesy55 said:



The energy use in manufacturing would benefit trains though I think. Sure it takes a lot of energy to make one but then it can last 40 years before scrapping compared with 10-15 years for the average car and you are going to have to manufacture thosands of cars to get the same number of passenger-miles that a train sees in its lifetime.

Click to expand...

But this makes the analysis much more complicated. You also have to look at maintenance, and I don't know how that compares. There's also the other capital that goes into it, like ticketing machines, parking for trains, stations, roads, toll boxes, etc. Still, I think this analysis at the very least shows that transit is the slam-dunk that most people assume it is.




If a rail system or bus is very lightly used though I can see how it would be very inefficient, I guess that's the case with the Galveston example. If you have trains full of 500+ people on every journey all day long 7 days a week it's a different prospect altogether.

Click to expand...

And that's the point. The best system in this country just barely beats the average automobile. That's quite something. Most systems in this country get less average use, and so don't beat the auto. Not to mention the fact that we're looking at average autos, not even fuel efficient autos.“Violence is not necessary to destroy a civilization. Each civilization dies from
indifference toward the unique values which created it.” - Nicolás Gómez Dávila

"A wicked man puts up a bold front, but an upright man gives thought to his ways." - Proverbs 21: 29True, but even if we accept that's true there is still the congestion issue, and that is going to beat everything for big cities imo, you just need waaay more space per person if everybody travels by car rather than transit, and big cities don't have that.

Also there is a ton of infrastructure with car use too, from roads to parking lots, to domestic garages for storage, mechanical garages for repairs, dealership networks and used car lots, traffic policing etc all of which consume energy.Jonesy55 said:



True, but even if we accept that's true there is still the congestion issue, and that is going to beat everything for big cities imo, you just need waaay more space per person if everybody travels by car rather than transit, and big cities don't have that.

Click to expand...

Of course that's a big issue, and congestion is taken into account in this figure. That said, it is not a structural issue. It could be overcome if congestion pricing was implemented. This would also allow us to get additional road capacity with the extra revenue, and that can be added by double decking, tunnels, etc.




Also there is a ton of infrastructure with car use too, from roads to parking lots, to domestic garages for storage, mechanical garages for repairs, dealership networks and used car lots, traffic policing etc all of which consume energy.

Click to expand...

Yes, and the same also goes for trains. I did note that this is a big part of the equation that was not taken into account. 

The other way to think about it is that we already have the road infrastructure, and we need it for transporting goods. We are always going to need these roads. Is building infrastructure for urban rail a good idea? That's not as clear to me.“Violence is not necessary to destroy a civilization. Each civilization dies from
indifference toward the unique values which created it.” - Nicolás Gómez Dávila

"A wicked man puts up a bold front, but an upright man gives thought to his ways." - Proverbs 21: 29Congestion pricing though is normally used as an incentive to persuade people onto transit which eases congestion. If we move to a model where there is no transit then that won't be possible, people will have no choice but to keep on using their cars to get around so I don't think it would have much effect, except making costs higher and creating a whole new layer of infrastructure requirement to administer the congestion pricing. :dunno:Jonesy55 said:



Congestion pricing though is normally used as an incentive to persuade people onto transit which eases congestion. If we move to a model where there is no transit then that won't be possible, people will have no choice but to keep on using their cars to get around so I don't think it would have much effect, except making costs higher and creating a whole new layer of infrastructure requirement to administer the congestion pricing. :dunno:

Click to expand...

A few points.

1. The cost of the infrastructure should be minimal compared to the revenues generated from the tolls. Manned toll booths are obsolete, so an electronic system, with a significant up-front cost, more than makes up for itself with the revenues generated. Run over many years, it should in fact be negligible.

2. While one of the effects could be to move people onto transit, even without the option you would see driving habits change. During peak hours, you would see higher speeds generated by the tolls, while also pushing less urgent driving to off-peak hours. Think of families taking short trips, or people who have the flexibility to start their work days at different times. In addition, since people would now be paying for the congestion that they produce in addition to the gas tax that they already pay to maintain the roads, extra money collected could be used to increase capacity and invest in other congestion-reducing capital (think signal light synchronization, additional lanes, additional on and off ramps, etc.).“Violence is not necessary to destroy a civilization. Each civilization dies from
indifference toward the unique values which created it.” - Nicolás Gómez Dávila

"A wicked man puts up a bold front, but an upright man gives thought to his ways." - Proverbs 21: 29Still not convinced that an average car, often with only the driver, doesn't use much more energy per passenger mile than the decade old NYC subway packed with passengers.Yes, I would like to see the methodology behind that claim...Traffic Congestion in urban areas keeps getting worse despite costly efforts to do something about it. The 1960 census showed that 64 per cent of American workers traveled to and from their jobs by private automobile; only 12 per cent patronized public transit facilities.1 More than 85 per cent of trips of all kinds in urban areas are taken by private car. Dominance of the automobile has been a boon to Detroit and the highway construction industry, but it has meant loss of passengers and profits for urban mass transportation companies. Lacking funds for modernization, they have been forced in many cases to curtail service or go out of business.

A number of state and local governments, aware of the need for a diversified transportation system in sizable cities, have offered tax concessions and other forms of financial aid to the beset transit companies. Now the White House is seeking the approval of Congress for a program of federal assistance. An administration bill to that end, authorizing $750 million in grants and loan guarantees over a three-year period, passed the Senate by a 52–41 vote on April 4. A companion bill was reported by the House Banking and Currency Committee, March 28, but the chances that it will be acted on by the House itself are considered no better than even. The measure now awaits Rules Committee clearance for floor debate; the committee refused last year to grant a rule for consideration of a transit bill reported then by the House Banking Committee.^^ Diverse transport is what is needed. Many right-wing people go by the idea that building and maintaining roads costs a lot of money in (almost) the same rate as rail-bound infrastructure. 22 billion dollars for road construction in Boston (5.6km), more expensive than the 2nd Avenue Subway (13.7km), also because of the fuels being used by the individual vehicles and therefor the safety standards. The subway is cheaper though also because of its narrower profile than an interstate while still being able to carry more than three times the number of passengers comparing to the number of vehicles in Boston, again showing the lumpness of (single-occupant) vehicles.Local transition of Herself ongoing, development flourishing. Finished: whenever she thinks it is.snot said:



Still not convinced that an average car, often with only the driver, doesn't use much more energy per passenger mile than the decade old NYC subway packed with passengers.

Click to expand...

Packed with passengers? No, a private vehicle does not beat that. However, you have to consider off peak hours and the ends of lines, where trains are not full, and an empty train uses far more energy than a private vehicle. That's where the difference comes from.“Violence is not necessary to destroy a civilization. Each civilization dies from
indifference toward the unique values which created it.” - Nicolás Gómez Dávila

"A wicked man puts up a bold front, but an upright man gives thought to his ways." - Proverbs 21: 29The Polman said:



^^ Diverse transport is what is needed. Many right-wing people go by the idea that building and maintaining roads costs a lot of money in (almost) the same rate as rail-bound infrastructure. 22 billion dollars for road construction in Boston (5.6km), more expensive than the 2nd Avenue Subway (13.7km), also because of the fuels being used by the individual vehicles and therefor the safety standards. The subway is cheaper though also because of its narrower profile than an interstate while still being able to carry more than three times the number of passengers comparing to the number of vehicles in Boston, again showing the lumpness of (single-occupant) vehicles.

Click to expand...

Comparing the most expensive road project to a typical subway project isn't a fair comparison. Besides, if we used congestion pricing roads pay for themselves and then some. Subways? Farebox recoveries are not so hot.“Violence is not necessary to destroy a civilization. Each civilization dies from
indifference toward the unique values which created it.” - Nicolás Gómez Dávila

"A wicked man puts up a bold front, but an upright man gives thought to his ways." - Proverbs 21: 29phattonez said:



Packed with passengers? No, a private vehicle does not beat that. However, you have to consider off peak hours and the ends of lines, where trains are not full, and an empty train uses far more energy than a private vehicle. That's where the difference comes from.

Click to expand...

In many cities trains are not often empty. In others this may be an issue. Still not convinced anyways. 
The most modern efficient electric car should be compared with the most modern and efficient transit system. 




Comparing the most expensive road project to a typical subway project isn't a fair comparison.

Click to expand...

He compared the most expensive road project with one of the most (if not the most) expensive subway project.What an interesting discussion... I think that depend on the situation 
But... isn't that Honda Civic Hatchback Turbo?Prabowo DyanDoesn't have to be new, but if you were to go around your city, what cars would you see the most of? What are the most popular and the ones you would see on almost every street?

I'll start with the two cities I call home:
Los Angeles-

Toyota Prius- Lots of government tax breaks and access to the carpool lanes all the time- no wonder they are so popular!









Mercedes Convertibles- Perfect for the sun and beach. Makes a plush statement









Toyota Corolla- Generic, but it really is scary how many of these there are in LA!









BMW 3-Series- There's at least one in every car park in LA









Melbourne-
Holden Commodore- The country's best selling car and the choice of many families









Ford Falcon- The second best-selling car, also the primary taxis and police cars.









Hyundai Getz- Seems like at least half my family and friends have one of these. The rest that aren't owned are rental cars









Ford Festiva- Like the Corolla in LA- It's shocking how many there are of these in MelbourneI think the Corolla is Australia's top selling car, and the worlds IIRC.Wow, so many tiny cars in the US? The Hyundai looks like it was designed for the Europan, Japanese and obviously Korean markets!

For France:

Peugeot 206, a best seller, now replaced by the 207 series:









The convertible version is very popular too:









207









VW Golf (not all are R32 obviously), a state of the heart:









Renault Mégane, best seller in whole Europe:









And its convertible twin:









Families prefer:
Peugeot 407









Renault Laguna:









Audi A4:









BMW 335:♪ Malice in Wonderland ♪​Karakuri you forgot very important cars
Renault Clio, Renault Senic and Mercedes C.すみません　!
J’aime Paris et je veux des tours !minato ku said:



Karakuri you forgot very important cars
Renault Clio, Renault Senic and Mercedes C.

Click to expand...

My bad!

Renault Clio:









Scenic:









Mercedes C:









Citroen C4:♪ Malice in Wonderland ♪​The Netherlands doesn't have a Dutch car brand, so you can see every type of car common in Europe, Japan and Korea.

British (Vauxhall etc), Australian (Holden etc), and US (GM etc) aren't seen often here.highway photography @ FlickrLike all the european countries  
France are car brands but you can see every the type of common European, Japanese, Korean and some american carsすみません　!
J’aime Paris et je veux des tours !Karakuri said:



Wow, so many tiny cars in the US? The Hyundai looks like it was designed for the Europan, Japanese and obviously Korean markets!QUOTE]

The Getz and the Festiva are popular in Australia, but the the U.S. is just starting to catch onto little cars in the past two years. The Festiva was sold here years ago, but wasn't particularly popular, and the Getz was never sold here.

Click to expand...Without doubt the Volvo V70









and the Saab 9-5









Swedes like large estate cars!Most Common cars in Toronto are:
Toyota Corolla









Honda Civic









Most common cars in Beijing:
VW Jetta and Bora
First generation:









second generation(Chinese variaint):









third generation, called Bora.









fourth generation, called sagitar.









Polo,Golf 4 gen./5 gen. are also available, but much less common.

VW Santana 









VW Santana 2000









Passat B5









Passat B6 is also out, but much less common.


Audi A4










Audi A6(VERY COMMON)










Hyundai Elantra









Honda Fit (Hatchback is also available, but sedan is more common)









Honda Accord










Mazda 6 (a sportier version to Honda Accord)









Chery QQ (lady's car)









Huachen Zhonghua (executive car/luxury family sedan)













traditionally VW is the no.1 in China, the combined sales of FAW VW and Shanghai VW account for about 30% of chinese car market, that's why there are a lot of VW on the street. the luxury cars considered in NA such as A4, A6, and Passat are quite a common sight in Beijing, there were two A8 parked in my apartment parking lot and I did not live in a rich area. Recently Korean/Japanese car makers have been making some progress, but because only one or two models of their line up are manufactureredin China, the rest are imported, the people are more likely to buy the chinese manufactured ones because imported cars have high duty. so those cars are M6, Accord, Buick Reagal and Hyundai Elantra/Sonata. Chinese brands have been also gaining some popularity but only Chery QQ and Huachen Zhonghua can be considered common.Chery QQ

Click to expand...

We call it a Chevrolet (or Daewoo) Matizhighway photography @ FlickrVancouver, Canada has a lot of:
Toyota: Corolla, Camry, Highlander, RAV4, Sienna, Matrix (lots of Toyotas over here basically)
Honda: Civic, Accord, CR-V, Odyssey, Pilot
Nissan: Altima, Murano, Pathfinder
BMW: X5, 3 series
Lexus: RX330, ES
Acura: TL, TSX, MDX
Infiniti: G35
Mercedes: ML, C-class, E-Class
Ford: F-150 and a lot of their SUVs
GM: Sunfire, Cavalier, Silverado and a bunch of their SUVs
Dodge/Chrysler: Caravan

Manila, Philippines has a lot of:
Toyota: Corolla Altis, Vios, Fortuner, Innova, Camry, Revo, Land Cruiser (Toyota again, dominates)
Fortuner: 








Innova:








Vios:








Honda: City, Civic, Accord, CR-V
Nissan: Sentra, Cefiro, X-Trail, Patrol
X-Trail:








Isuzu: Crosswind:








Mitsubishi: Adventure, Lancer, Pajero
Ford: Expedition, Escape
BMW: 3 seriesHere in the Twin Cities suburbs, there is no prominent vehicle or vehicle type.Past Sim City Projects:
Interactive City Journal - The Development of Timbuktu!
Trimblelina Republic​The most common cars here in the Pacific Northwest 
Honda Accord and Civic
Subaru Legacy and Impreza
Toyota Camry, Corolla and trucks
Ford Focus, Crown Victoria (taxis)

The most common are Honda Accord and Civicsminato ku said:



Karakuri you forgot very important cars
Renault Clio, Renault Senic and Mercedes C.

Click to expand...

And Toyota Prius (made in Valenciennes) too.Cordialement, Kind Regards
Eomer
Look to my coming, at first light, on the fifth day. At dawn, look to the East.
A l'aube du cinquième jour, regardez vers l'estIn Italy:

Fiat Panda









Lancia Ypsilon









Fiat Punto









Fiat Idea









Lancia Musa









Alfa Romeo 147









Fiat Croma









Alfa Romeo 159

















and of course VW,BMW,Audi,Mercedes,Opel,Ford,Renault.....Most common cars in Tallinn(new ones): 
Mazda 6








Toyota Corolla








Toyota Land Cruiser








Volkswagen GolfFord's S-max is also very popular in the Netherlands:Zo kraait den boer z'n haantjeyou could go here for the whole india

http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=308544


but for mumbai u can find the basic

toyota corolas/camries

Hyundai Santro









Mahindra Scorpio









Tata Indiaca








^^ launched unsucessfully in England as Rover something

Toyota Qualis









Toyota Innova









Maruti 800








^^ old version and fewer and fewer

Maruti Zen









Maruti Swift









Maruti Alto









Honda City








^^ riced up









and thats about all im posting but u could check out the indian cars thread it pretty interesting
also the Mahindra Scorpio is planned to be introduced to the American Market this year sometime i forgot the company thats doing it but thats what googles for

again
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=308544

u also have this:








ok so the silver is SUV is the Mahindra Scorpio first version (Indian)
then the mini van kinda thing is the Maruti Omni theyre old(Indian)
and between the bus and the omni is the Hyundai Santro (Korean)

although the pic was taken in bangalore cars are simillar





in buffalo new york, usa

u have basically the same stuff as the other cities jus more suvs as 4*4 does come in handy sometimesCARS IN GERMANY

VW Golf


VW Passat


BMW 3er


Opel Astra


Audi A4


VW Touran


VW Polo


Audi A3


Ford Focus


Mercedes A-Klasse


list goes on with:

Audi A6
Mercedes B-Klasse
Mercedes C-Klasse
Ford Fiesta
Opel Corsa
Skoda Octavia
Mercedes E-Klasse
Skoda Fabia
Opel Meriva
BMW 1er
BMW 5er
Opel Zafira
Toyota Corolla
VW Caravelle/Transporter
Renault Clio
.....Hi,

I wonder if this building was constructed in moscow









because I can't find anything about it instead some article that said that it was constructed in 2015

like this one

http://www.archdaily.com/774528/dominion-office-building-zaha-hadid-architects

https://www.dezeen.com/2015/09/29/z...uilding_moscow-monochrome-atrium-hufton-crow/

So i wonder, was it really built or not ?

thank you"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains taken to bring it to light. " - George WashingtonYou are right. Dominion Tower is already built & opened in 2015












official page
http://dominiontower.ruha thank you! weird that nobody talks about it though"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains taken to bring it to light. " - George WashingtonHi all, welcome to this thread. I'll be posting random pics of cars in my city, Tehran, from normal everyday rides to super sports!
Enjoy!!!


Here is Tehran:The world is full of good people, if you can't find one BE ONE!BMW i8The world is full of good people, if you can't find one BE ONE!MaseratiesThe world is full of good people, if you can't find one BE ONE!Ferrari 612 ScagliettiThe world is full of good people, if you can't find one BE ONE!Rolls-Royce Phantom CoupéThe world is full of good people, if you can't find one BE ONE!Hyundai Grandeur Leather wrapThe world is full of good people, if you can't find one BE ONE!Random PicsThe world is full of good people, if you can't find one BE ONE!Nice shots keep it coming...!Waiting for Next Vacation......Random PicsThe world is full of good people, if you can't find one BE ONE!Thanks for posting this. BMW i8 is really marvelous.Nice car image.Thanks for the lovely picture @Pcity.International Package ForwardingSince many coastal cities are at risk for flooding I thought I would create a thread here for this topic to showcase each cities different mechanisms for flood control.

Anyways after Hurricane Katrina, the Army Corp of Engineers along with the local government have built and rebuilt levees and storm surge bariers in and around New Orleans. 

Here are some storm surge barriers in Louisiana which are being built to protect New Orleans from future storm surge. 









Inner Harbor Storm Surge Barrier 









Seabrook Floodgate

In addition New Orleans also has several mechanisms in place for flooding along the Mississippi.









The Morganza Floodway being used to divert floodway from the Mississippi River to the less populated Atchafalaya Basin.









The Old River Control Structure 50 miles (80 km) northwest of Baton Rouge and 118 miles (190 km) northwest of New Orleans, which has a dual purpose of both diverting floodwater away from New Orleans and preventing the Mississippi from shifting it's course. The water being diverted here also heads into the Atchafalaya Basin.









The Bonnet Carre Spillway is the last line of defense against flooding from the Mississippi and is used to channel excess floodwater to Lake Pontchartrain.









An example of a levee on the Mississippi RIver in Gretna, Louisiana just outside of New Orleans.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Footage of the Morganza Floodway being opened because of recent flooding along the Mississippi.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Dutch structures

The Dutch have, arguably, the most advanced and comprehensive flood control system in the World. Much of the country were built over former marshland, which used to flood twice a day and naturally sink over the centuries as it dries out.

Main flood control structures are canals, pumps and levees. I'll come with some pictures of them later. God knows how many km of levees (*****) that keep water out of the polders.

From 1955-1997 the Dutch completed the Delta Works, a set of flood control projects to keep the country safe. Some of its most impressive structures are dams and gates, unlike levees, let water in under normal condition but keep water out if there is a storm surge on the North Sea.

The most famous of those is the Maeslantkering, in Rotterdam. As it is the 2nd busiest port on Earth (ok, there are discussions about how to measure traffic on a port), they needed a movable system to allow navigation under normal conditions but keep it out should a storm surge form in the sea. So they came with these massive gates that close in a double-semi-arch pattern.

Each gate has something like 190m in extension.

I took these pics in January when I visited the site:YIMBY - Yes In My Backyard.In the Netherlands we have about 3585 kilometres of primary flood defences. Another famous one is these defences is the 30km long Afsluitdijk.










A big part of flood defences in the Netherlands are actually natural, the dunes. Dutch engineers are participating in waterworks all over the world. At the moment they are for instance active in Bangladesh and I believe they are also involved in the new barriers around New Orleans.The Thames Barrier just outside of London.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​DarkLoki said:



I believe they are also involved in the new barriers around New Orleans.

Click to expand...

Actually you are correct, since many of the concepts used in rebuilding the levees in New Orleans and adding the storm surge gates came from the Netherlands and many Dutch engineers were brought over for overseeing the construction.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​The River Walk in San Antonio was actually built with flood control in mind after a disastorous flood in 1921. Instead of building over the river they decided to make it a public space and added several locks as well in addition to several channels in case the water level gets to be too high. Now it has become a tourist attraction in it's own right.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​A cool picture of the dike between the "Markermeer" and the "Flevopolder". Both of these area's were once part of the inland sea "Zuiderzee".Desert cities have flood control structures too:

Albuquerque Metropolitan Flood Control Authority (AMAFCA)

North Diversion Channel
A massive concrete lined channel that feeds flash flood waters from arroyos and smaller channels into the Rio Grande River.We are floating in space...Which of big Southwestern desert cities is more prone to flash floods and runoffs (rain in the desert, AFAIK, is usually a very dangerous business): Tucson, Albuquerque or Phoenix?YIMBY - Yes In My Backyard.Suburbanist said:



Which of big Southwestern desert cities is more prone to flash floods and runoffs (rain in the desert, AFAIK, is usually a very dangerous business): Tucson, Albuquerque or Phoenix?

Click to expand...

Probably either Tucson or Phoenix because of the monsoon season in the summer as moisture from the Gulf of California heads inland and occasionally causes flash floods. However El Paso and Albuquerque can also be affected by storms and most recently Hurricane Dolly has caused flooding in parts of El Paso.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Suburbanist said:



Which of big Southwestern desert cities is more prone to flash floods and runoffs (rain in the desert, AFAIK, is usually a very dangerous business): Tucson, Albuquerque or Phoenix?

Click to expand...

All southwestern cities are prone to flash flooding. El Paso and Albuquerque have additional challenges due to the relatively steeper slopes they're built on. Flash floods in Las Vegas and Tucson have been especially deadly as once clear roads become raging torrents of water. Phoenix is fairly flat and has excellent infrastructure so it deals with flash flooding very well.We are floating in space...Saint Petersburg Flood Prevention Facility Complex

Also known as the St. Petersburg Dam this structure was just recently completed and protects the city of St. Petersburg in Russia from the Gulf of Finland.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​A floodgate in Cairo, Illinois which protects the city from flooding against the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Red River Floodway

The Red River Floodway protects the city of Winnipeg, Manitoba in Canada from flooding on the Red River. It is 47 km (29 miles) long and can carry floodwater at a rate of up to 2,550 cubic metres (91,700 cubic feet) per second. It was built partly in response to the disastrous 1950 Red River flood which devastated the city. The success of this project has caused the cities of Grand Forks and Fargo in the US state of North Dakota to consider building similar floodways after the the devastating floods of 1997 and 2009.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Vienna has the 21km long "Neue Donau" parallel to the Danube river for flood protection and recreational purposes: 

Inlet:









The area between the "two Danubes" is called Donauinsel (Danube Island), a mayor park of the city:









New Danube in front, Old Danube in the back:Folglich mein TagesTipp => Es genau so hinzunehmen wie ich es sagte. Notorisches Widersprechen wird nichts bringen. Ehrlich! Vertraut mir da voellig! 
__________ __________ __________Portage Diversion (also known as the Assiniboine River Floodway)

is a water control structure on the Assiniboine River in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada and was made as part of a larger attempt to prevent flooding in the Red River Valley. The Portage Diversion consists of two separate gates which divert some of the flow of water in the Assiniboine River to a 29 km (18 miles)long diversion channel that empties into Lake Manitoba near Delta Beach. This helps prevent flooding on the Assinboine down river from the diversion, including in Winnipeg, where the Assiniboine River meets the Red River.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​Gulf Intracoastal Waterway West Closure Complex

The Gulf Intracoastal Waterway West Closure Complex just outside of New Orleans will consist of a navigable floodgate, a pumping station, floodwalls, sluice gates, foreshore protection, and an earthen levee. The complex was designed to reduce risk for residences and businesses in the project area from a storm surge associated with a tropical event with an intensity that has a 1 percent chance of occurring in any given year. This project is scheduled to be hurricane ready by June 1, 2011, and completely finished in late 2012.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​A cool flood control device in the Netherlands is the "plofsluis" or "pop lock". Part of the Dutch defence was to inundate lands to slow down the enemy. A new canal punctured a hole in one of these defences. To make sure water would not flow away trough the canal this pop lock was build. The concept is that when needed the supports of the lock explode, dropping tons of gravel and sand in the canal thereby closing of the canal in a single explosion.As mentioned, The Netherlands has an extensive system of dams, dikes, levees, draining canals and pumps. In fact, about 2/3 of land in The Netherlands can only exists because water is actively pumped out. This means that if this were not done, the land would flood. Only about 1/3 of the country has natural water runoff (water that flows down into rivers, and into the sea). So in 2/3 of the country water has to be pumped up in order to reach the sea.

This system is managed by a separate government layer (not part of the local, provincial or national governments, with their own elections - although some larger waters are managed by the national government). These water boards date as far back as the 1100s and were the first democratic institutions in The Netherlands. It is often said it is at the basis of The Netherlands' natural instinct to search for common ground and co-operation.

Maps below are taken from the National Water Plan. To get a feeling of scale: from bottom left to top right is about 330 km.

This first one shows the 'Dijkringen' (Dike Rings), and the chance of an outer dike failing. Within these rings, water is managed, and pumped out into the sea or into the main rivers. The land next to the river is usually lower than the river itself. Only the really light colored areas have natural water runoff:


This map shows estimated water depth in case of flooding:


In recent decades the attitude toward water has shifted from 'trying to keep the water out' to 'learning to live with water'. Before, the goal was often to increase the speed of rainwater and river water runoff, by straightening out streams and rivers, and increasing pump capacity. This has lead to an increase in peak water runoff, which is hard to manage. So nowadays the focus is on slowing water down and on local water retention and infiltration.On http://wasserturm-web.de you can find many data of German water towers.I thought about making this, please add more picsChicago's Water Tower

Claimed as one of the only structures to survive the Great Chicago fire:1889 water tower in Windsor, NSW Australia:The Watertower by myself... , on Flickr​

Let me know if you like it !
P.S. you can stream/download the accompanying soundtrack right here:
All Along The Watertower (part II)Instagram, BandCamp, SoundCloud, Spotify, iTunes,....
Get In Touch^^What are the most common Asian car brands and models (including suv, auv, mpv, pick-up, etc.) in your country?

I'll start.
___________________________________________


PHILIPPINES

TOYOTA VIOS








^^ launched in 2003, the best selling car in the country. one of the cheapest and commonly used for taxi service.

TOYOTA COROLLA (ALTIS)
































^^ Corolla has been here for decades now

TOYOTA AVANZA
















^^ One of the cheapest family cars, also popular in Indonesia.

TOYOTA HIACE









TOYOTA FORTUNER

















MITSUBISHI MONTERO SPORT








^^ a close rival to toyota fortuner.

MITSUBISHI ADVENTURE

















MITSUBISHI PAJERO

















HONDA CR-V
























^^ had strong sales since it was introduced in 1997. some models has a detachable third-row seats.

HONDA CIVIC
















^^ popular sporty sedan. mostly modified car in the country

HONDA CITY

















HONDA JAZZ

















HYUNDAI STAREX









HYUNDAI TUCSON









HYUNDAI ACCENT









KIA RIO









NISSAN SENTRA









ISUZU CROSSWIND

















ISUZU D-MAX









:cheers2:....Kim Domingo....​In Romania
Almost all brands and models from Japan and Korea are present, some from China.

The most common are:

Daewoo Cielo,Matiz,Tico




























Hyunday i10, i20, i30, (both 1st and 2nd generation), Tucson (1st)





































KIA Cee'd (1st and 2nd)woo Your Cars collection is awesome.... same cars famous in my country..........prahovaploiesti said:



In Romania
Almost all brands and models from Japan and Korea are present, some from China.

The most common are:

Daewoo Cielo,Matiz,Tico









Click to expand...

I remember this one car as the Daewoo Nexia; a badge enginered old 1980's Opel Kadett. 

Very succesful model in Russia and Eastern europe, but it was never popular in the West. No sales of the Nexia in Sweden, although I have seen a few of them here, but that was a couple of years ago.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationIf I remember correctly the Daewoo line was the first foreign brand that was affordable as a new car in Romania right after 1990. t was the next choice in terms of price after Dacia. The fact that it was produced in Romania at Craiova was a factor.
The ones above, the Cielo, Matiz and Tico were very popular with the low to middle class population.
The Espero was close in sales, then followed the Leganza and Nubira that were mostly bought by more wealthier middle class people, being considered luxury cars.
Damas was present to, especially used for transport of goods.japan and malaysia car brands are the most common in malaysia

proton 

saga










preve










persona










exora










waja,wira,iswara etc...

perodua

myvi









viva









alza









toyota

camry









vios









estima,wish,avanza,alphard etc...

nissan

grand livina










honda

civic









city









mitsubishi

triton









pic from wikipedia,paultan.orgEXO & f(x)Nice imagesTOYOTA HIACE looks good to me.http://kurta.co.in/gym-wear/Just wondering if Five G Technology will have an effect penetrating buildings? 
Is there any research into this?Here are some RVs from a Slovenian company Adria Mobil.


CARAVANS


Alpina





































Astella




























Adora




























Altea




























Action




























Aviva





























MOTORHOMES


Super Sonic




























Sonic




























Polaris




























Coral




























Matrix Supreme




























Matrix




























Matrix Axess




























Compact




























Sport





























VANS


Twin




























Twin GiT





























http://www.adria-mobil.com/take a ride on slovenian highways​RV's are very popular, but expensive. You could buy a small cottage for the money of a new RV. Also remember RV's over 6m equals double charge on ferries and toll bridges.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationOnce I drove this campervan in Australia - Britz Voyager (actually it said "maui" on it) in Toyota HiAce:





































http://www.newzealand-motorhomes.co...ome/britz-voyager-4-berth-standard-rates-/808take a ride on slovenian highways​A big RV parked in Ullared, SwedenThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationto drive this you probably need a truck or bus driver's licenceCamper is my dream, but I am still young and as I stand before the election, "buy an apartment or a camper" this choice is obvious. But the dream remains and I deeply believe that it will realize it.This thread is dedicated to sharing what car you drive daily to work, shop etc... It will be interesting to see who drives more expensice cars while who drives cheaper cars...PENANG PHOTO GALLERY

I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones

A.Einstein

Public transport is the way to transportation revolution

A MAYOR of Bogota is reported to have said: “A developed country is not a place where the poor have cars. It’s where the rich use public transportation.”​A 1991 Geo Prizm (A.K.A. Toyota Corolla E90)///M5This thread already exists. 

http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1227889

That's my car:

http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showpost.php?p=87337031&postcount=566thank you for liking this: www.facebook.com/carspottingaustria

http://carspotting-austria.jimdo.com/Toyota CorollaChina Cars AccessoriesShop Amazon - Up to 50 Off Home Improvement Value StoreYeah, we've already had quite a few of these threads here and in the Skybar.VW Jetta

Toyota 4RunnerA 1991 Geo Prizm (A.K.A. Toyota Corolla E90)Shop Amazon1996 Suzuki Escudomkt said:



VW Jetta

Toyota 4Runner

Click to expand...

Update.

Mini Hatch John Cooper Works04 Hyundai Sonata
15 Buick Encore (Opel Mokka/Vauxhall Mokka)VIVA NICARAGUA!​
"SOBACO PELUDO SE VA CON EL TROMPUDO!"​BMW is the best car to drive in dubaiSuzuki Swift 2015Suzuki SwiftI drive an old Mazda3 2006. It's still holding up pretty well.i like car camry because it luxurious...Cung cấp  biến tần mitsubishi| plc mitsubishi|servo mitsubishi | mccb mitsubishi chính hãng giá cạnh tranh.If you are applying to a car dealership that deals with a specific type of car, this question may be quite common and used to gauge your car knowledge.Online chatting​​Shared with my wife: Mercedes-Benz C-Class and a VW Jetta

2015 C-Class (but in grey):









2016 Jetta in this color:In the heart of a busy metropolis skyscrapers are a vivid reminder of the constant yearning of the human spirit to rise to God


MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!​фольц сваген джетта вообще класс!!! а кто нибудь тест драйв проходил?Brazil
Hyundai - são paulo state











Ford - são paulo state











HYundai - GOias State











Honda - São Paulo state#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Brazil

Citroen/ Peugeot - Rio de Janeiro state










































MItshibishi Brasil -Goias State#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Brazil

Toyota - São Paulo state



















Brazil
iveco#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Italy

Ferrari - Maranello




























Lamborghini - Sant'Agata BologneseItaly

Maserati - Modena



















Maserati - Grugliasco Ex De Tomaso car factoryBrazil

Mercedez Benz - MInas Gerais State












Fiat - MInas Gerais State#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Italy

Alfa Romeo - Arese Now closed



















Alfa Romeo - Pomigliano D'Arco (but they produce only Fiat Panda there)Brazil

Chevrolet - Rio Grande do Sul State










Chevrolet - são paulo State











NISSAN - Parana State#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Italy

Fiat - Mirafiori Alfa Romeo Mito and Lancia Musa are produced here




























Fiat - Cassino Alfa Romeo Giulietta and Lancia Delta are produced here




























Fiat - Melfi Only Fiat Punto is produced here



















Fiat - Sevel Val di Sangro Citroen Jumper/Relay, Peugeot Boxer and Fiat Ducato are produced hereBrazil 


NISSAN (U/C) - RIO DE JANEIRO State











BMW (U/C) - SANTA CATARINA State










LAND ROVER (U/C) - RIO DE JANEIRO State#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Italy 

DR Motor Company - Macchia D'IserniaBrazil

VOlkswagen - Parana State












Ford Camaçari - Bahia State#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”South Africa - East London (Eastern Cape province)

East London is the hub of South Africa's automotive manufacturing. 

Mercedes Benz, Volkswagen and General Motors have plants there.This plant does both Right and Left Hand Drive models. The Right hand drives are for local market and Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Australia markets. The left hand models are primarily for US market.Toyota - North Plant, Cambridge, ON, Canada.


North Plant is where the Corolla and the Matrix are build. The Matrix is made exclusively in this plant. 3,000,000 Corollas manufactured here since 1997.

Facilities: 3 million sq ft
Employment: 7,000
Products: Corolla Sedan, Matrix




















Toyota plant - Cambridge by photo_nuevo, on Flickr


Dude, Where's My Car? by i. duke, on FlickrSouth Africa BMW Plant in Pretoria

Opened in 1968, it remains the first plant to be opened by BMW outside Germany.^^Didn't know there was a HD factory in York. Gotta Check it out the next time I come to Lancaster.Brazil

Volkswagen - São Pualo#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”Harley-Davidson (not technically a car but if Fiat counts:lol: jk, plus this factory is not too far from my home)
York, PA, U.S.A.^^:cheers:#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”2015 BMW 3 Series facelift revealed












The facelifted BMW 3 Series has been revealed. It will be offered with a range of new engines, revised chassis settings and lower CO2 emissions when it goes on sale next month. Prices start at £24,975 for the entry-level 318i SE saloon, while the entry-level estate starts at £26,405. 

This 3 Series sits on the same platform as the existing model, although BMW engineers claim to have revised all three of the car’s chassis set-ups – standard, M Sport and adaptive – with retuned dampers and stiffer suspension in a bid to ramp up the agility. The electric power steering system has also been reprogrammed.

Click to expand...

couldnt find a similar thread here, so here we go :cheers:77% of BJP party fund is black money!_Spirit of law_Taxation_Nationalism_Indian federation_Hide others signatures ​Wow this information is good. I am working as a writer in (reviews.clazwork.com). It is writing company for getting more structured and genuine writing papers.good~Wow this information is good. I am working as a writer in (reviews.clazwork.com). It is writing company for getting more structured and genuine writing papers.2017 Toyota Vios Launched In Thailand; India Launch Later This Year77% of BJP party fund is black money!_Spirit of law_Taxation_Nationalism_Indian federation_Hide others signatures ​Typically it's about 10 - 15 years in the U.S., or about 200,000 to 300,000 km's (125,000 to 185,000 miles). 

Of course, some cars last a lot longer. 

My aunt's Suburban (full-sized SUV), which I drove a few weeks ago, has 275,000 miles on the odometer - that's over 440,000 kilometers. I believe that it is a 1994 model.

The minimum vehicle tax in Minnesota (I believe it is something like $30?) applies to all vehicles over a certain age (9 or 10 years, I believe), whether they are worth $400 or $40,000. Some older cars may actually be the best value - Buicks, for example, were generally driven by older drivers (who tend to be less aggressive and put less stress on the vehicle than younger drivers), have a good feature set, a reliable engine, and are available cheaply. Generally American and European older (>10y) cars are cheaper than Japanese cars of the same age. 

And, of course, there are numerous restored (and some original) classic muscle cars from the 1950's and 1960's, as well as a few cars (mostly restored, I'm guessing) from the 1930's and before. However, these usually aren't taken out very often, except for joyrides and to car shows. This is actually a common hobby among American males.

Older vehicles other than those having collector value have risen in price dramatically over the past few years, probably in part due to Obama's "Cash for Clunkers" program.In Singapore we have something called the Certificate of Entitlement (COE), valid for only 10 years. Pls read the excerpts from Wiki.

Technically, you need to own this piece of paper before you can own a car. And the cost of this paper has risen tremendously over the past year. As of 20 July 2012, you need to pay S$92,700 (about US$73,800) for the COE, in addition to the cost of the car, depending on which model. A brand new BMW 528i will easily set you back by about S$280,000 (US$222,000)!!!!



The Certificate of Entitlement (COE), instituted by the government of Singapore since May 1990, is a program designed to limit car ownership and hence the number of vehicles on the country's roads. This system in effect requires residents of Singapore to bid for the right to buy a motor vehicle, with the number of certificates deliberately restricted.

The COE allows holders to own a car for a period of 10 years, after which they must scrap or export their car with financial incentives or bid for another COE at the prevailing rate if they wish to continue using their car for a further 5 or 10 years.

Non-transferable categories: 
Category A : Cars (1600 cc and below) and taxis 
Category B : Cars (1601 cc and above) 
Category D : Motorcycles 
Transferable categories: 
Category C : Goods Vehicles and Buses 
Category E : Open CategoryInteresting.
I am petrolhead so Singapore is definitely not the place for me 
Naturally I understand purpose of this legislation.Teva813 said:



In Singapore we have something called the Certificate of Entitlement (COE), valid for only 10 years. Pls read the excerpts from Wiki.

Technically, you need to own this piece of paper before you can own a car. And the cost of this paper has risen tremendously over the past year. As of 20 July 2012, you need to pay S$92,700 (about US$73,800) for the COE, in addition to the cost of the car, depending on which model. A brand new BMW 528i will easily set you back by about S$280,000 (US$222,000)!!!!

Click to expand...



In Brazil of course any joe can buy a car without even having a drivers licence, but the prices of cars is very high (double of the USA) and there is an annual car tax of 2% to 4% of the vehicle's value, depending on the state.

The average lifespan of car is around 15 years I guess. Cars over a certain age (30?) do not pay the annual tax, and can be considered historical. That being said, old "clunkers" are relatively rare in Brazil, as their maintenance costs do not make up for the tax-free status.THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOMexico used to be a clunker paradise and it is still in the US border states  Anyway, Mexico City, cars after 8 years have a 1 weekday and a monthly saturday restriction, so cars older than 10 years are becoming very rare here.

In Mexico´s bigger cities, cars usually have an 18 year lifespan but some models (specially the ones used as taxis) usually less than 8 years.

Nowadays clunkers are only found in small towns and the US border cities where used cars from the US can be imported cheaply.

Some years ago, there was a boom grey market from used cars from the US, sadly becoming a serious pollution problem.Depends on the car, but the lifespan of modern cars is usually 10-12 years, about 25 years ago cars were scrapped because of corrosion, nowadays it´s because of electrical failures. If the cost of repairs significantly exceeds the value of the car, then it's no use wasting money fixing it. 

The cars with the lowest lifespan are definately Citroen, Renault and Ford.

A 2005 Citroen C5 with 120.000km costs about 4000 EUR in Sweden
A 2002 Citroen C5 with 200.000km costs about 1000 EUR, so when a car is that cheap it's due for the scrapyard. Especially Citroen has issues with the gearbox, the car is not really made to last longer than 200.000km/12 years.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationIn Russia it's 12 years according to officials. 

But Russia is too diverse to use only one average number.

Here are stats by region (it's old numbers, from 2010)The average age is marked in yellow. The oldest cars are in Sakhalin region (19.1 years), the youngest are in Tatarstan Republic (9.1). Next columns are cars by age in percents (less than 5 y.o. | 5-10 | 10-20 | more than 20):golosa said:



In Russia it's 12 years according to officials. 

But Russia is too diverse to use only one average number.

]

Click to expand...

Interesting, Tatars wreck their cars quite soon, but in Königsberg motorists drive cautiosly and keep their cars for 19 years.

In Sweden there is a difference between south and north. The oldest cars are to be found in the north, where people take care of their possesions, also the north has the highest numbers of old "fatty" tv-sets.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationI don't think it's that easy... It's depends on prosperity of regions. Tatarstan is strong industrial region and it's people can afford to change cars more often. Kalilingrad region as well as the whole far east are not so rich and people simply can't afford a new car here. They are actualy importing used vehicles from Germany (in Kaliningrad) and from Japan/Korea (in Far East), so they simply haven't got any new cars at all. The "wreck" from Tatarstan can be used as "almost new" car in other regiongolosa said:



I don't think it's that easy... It's depends on prosperity of regions. Tatarstan is strong industrial region and it's people can afford to change cars more often. Kalilingrad region as well as the whole far east are not so rich and people simply can't afford a new car here. They are actualy importing used vehicles from Germany (in Kaliningrad) and from Japan/Korea (in Far East), so they simply haven't got any new cars at all. The "wreck" from Tatarstan can be used as "almost new" car in other region 

Click to expand...

I presume that the number of domestic brands like Volga, GAZ are more common in central Russia than in regions closer to Europe and Asia. 

To afford a new domestic brand doesn't mean you can afford a new western brand so the people of Tatarstan may not be more rich than those living close to the Euroasian borders.

For Sweden newer used cars are cheapest in the south and most expensive in the the north. Also because the south attracts import cars
from Continental Europe especially Germany. In the north people are poor by scandinavian standards, no salt on the roads means less corrosion, low population density and small expensive used car market. Also they have a slow life and they don't like changes.

If you are looking for an old SAAB 96, Citroen DS it's a good idea to travel to the north because they have the biggest supply of vintage cars which make them cheaper than in the south.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationmopc said:



Cars over a certain age (30?) do not pay the annual tax, and can be considered historical. That being said, old "clunkers" are relatively rare in Brazil, as their maintenance costs do not make up for the tax-free status.

Click to expand...

That depends of the stat. In some, only collectors cars (black plates) don´t pay the taxes, the oders pay, even the old ones.mopc said:



Cars over a certain age (30?) do not pay the annual tax, and can be considered historical.

Click to expand...

Same thing in Sweden. Cars older than 30 years=no tax. Very beneficial if you have a diesel car. Diesel car tax is about 450 EUR a year here. So if you find a 1980's MB Diesel you will drive cheap and comfortable.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThanks for posting. By the way, if you interested in games, check this out.
_________________________
WOW Gold|Guild Wars 2 Gold|Diablo 3 GoldNordic region cars among Europe’s oldest

Iceland’s fleet of private cars is older than elsewhere in Europe, with the average car 2 years older than in the EU.

The average age of private cars in Iceland is 10.2 years, according to the newest figures from the Icelandic Roads Administration.

The average age of private cars in EU countries is 8.5 years, according to ACEA figures. Interestingly the average age of Icelandic cars nearly 20 years ago in 1989 was 7.5 years.

In comparison, the average age of cars in the UK is 6.7 years, 7.5 in Italy, 8.1 in both France and Germany, 9.1 in Denmark and 9.4 in Sweden. The Finnish are the only nation surveyed by ACEA with older cars: an average age of 10.5 years. 

According to Statistics Norway figures, Norwegian cars are of a similar age to those in Iceland, at 10.3 years.

The impression of some commentators outside of Iceland that every Icelander drives a brand new car bought on credit before the banking crash would appear to be rebuffed by these figures; and it is probably the high rates of tax which encourage Nordic residents to keep their cars on the road slightly longer.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThe average age of private cars in Serbia is 12 years,but many of them are Fiat Punto which are produced in Serbia and they are cheap.suvi genije, ww87, vlada_Ilina_h2o, vladygark, milos.tro and 10 others liked this postsource: http://eng.autostat.ru/news/view/8527/The average age of cars in New Zealand is 13.8 years. This is largely because of people keeping their cars on the road longer as we generally don't like getting rid of things if they aren't broken. We also import a large amount of grey imports from Japan but these imports are restricted to no more than ten years from the year of importation. 

In some places, the average age of vehicles is nearly 20 years."You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place." -Vladimir PutinyesssAge of car in India is directly proportional to the mileage it gives..
But, roughly clocks 3,00,000 ^ kms..Puerto Rico is full of clunkers, so I'd guess 20+ years. However, that contrasts with our natural tendency to want the newest cars.

So I guess we're exporting a ton of used 7-10 year old cars to latin america and across the Caribbean, and the ones that remain stay.Where is it and how do it look like?
Example: Chicago,IL








 :cheers:*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoAnother one near O'hare Int. airport in rosemont:








:runaway:*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoFor graf writers, this place is heaven 

All the trains you can paintManila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!WANCH said:



For graf writers, this place is heaven 

All the trains you can paint 

Click to expand...

LOL, oh yea baby!
This is da place to become great in urban graffiti! :eek2: :cheers:*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoProlly not the biggest of the world, near Zürich (Dietikon-Spreitenbach)Is that you, John Wayne? Is this me?

See you in the Swiss Forum on skyscrapercity.comAnyway, Chicago does have some of the biggest (freight) yards in the world. In fact the city needs one this size since it's a centre of agricultural trade and trade between Chicago and other Midwestern farmlands.Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!This is the largest railroad yard in the world:This is located in North Platte,Nebraska.editManila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!Probably World`s largest railroad yard is located in Germany. It`s Maschen Rangierbahnhof, with about 90 tracks alongside over 10 kilometers. Situated south of Hamburg in the Lüneburg Heath area. Across the broadest point there`s a viaduct especcially for train spotters.....szasza said:



This is the largest railroad yard in the world:








Click to expand...

That seems to lack the density and scale of others shown so far. It looks more like 2 separate ones.The world's largest classification yard is a hump yard: Bailey Yard in North Platte, USA. Other very large US hump yards are Elkhart Young Yard, (Chicago-) Clearing, (Kansas City-) Argentine, (Houston-) Englewood, Waycross Rice Yard etc. Specially in Europe (for exceptions - closures - see below), Russia and China, all important classification yards are hump yards. Europe's largest hump yard is that of Maschen near Hamburg, Germany; it is only slightly smaller than Bailey Yard. Most hump yards are single yards with one classification bowl but some, mostly very large, hump yards have two of them, one for each direction, thus are double yards, such as Maschen, Clearing, and Bailey yards.

Click to expand...

Source Wikipedia.The best IM client: Telegram

The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards - and even then I have my doubts. Gene Spafford.
I am Basque, not Russian, the "Siberia" thing is a joke.courtesy of google map: here is the satellite view of an incredible railroad hump yard next to Chicago Midway Airport! It divided into 3 huge lump yards connecting continously with the center one being the largest, side by side, lost count of # of lanes, maybe you can give it a try and let us know!  
Feel free to zoom in,out, and around to find more shocking railroad yards in chicago area! Chicago was considering one of the major railroad center of the US. So it is quite easy to spot them around chicago industrial areas!

http://maps.google.com/?t=k&om=1&ll=41.758508,-87.761021&spn=0.06377,0.11673*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoAlright and I found the satellite view of the railroad yard for the pic below:
:runaway: 
http://maps.google.com/?t=k&om=0&ll=41.899051,-87.908735&spn=0.015908,0.029182



ChicagoSkyline said:



Another one near O'hare Int. airport in rosemont:








:runaway:

Click to expand...*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoThis one next to Chicago O'Hare Int. Airport, I think the pic below is what it looks like from nearby!
:runaway: 
http://maps.google.com/?t=k&om=0&ll=41.945447,-87.89968&spn=0.015896,0.029182



ChicagoSkyline said:



Where is it and how do it look like?
Example: Chicago,IL








 :cheers:

Click to expand...*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoJust found another 2 parallel ones in the industrial park near Calumet city!
:runaway: :cheers: 
http://maps.google.com/?t=k&om=0&ll=41.644408,-87.651114&spn=0.015971,0.029182*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoAnother smaller one near Homewood
http://maps.google.com/?t=k&om=1&ll=41.573912,-87.655578&spn=0.015988,0.029182
:eek2:*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoAnother one in Cicero(Gangster city) :runaway: 
http://maps.google.com/?t=k&om=1&ll=41.573912,-87.655578&spn=0.015988,0.029182*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoYou know what, there are way too many large railroad yards in Chicago,lol! If it doesn't have one single largest railroad yard in the world, might as well be the worlds most large railroads yards in the world. I think that the largest single railroad yard goes to North Platte,Nebraska(at least that is what Wikipedia said)
However, after seeing the satellite view of all the huge railroad yards in Chicago, I doubt that the one in Nebraska even consider large,lol!  
 :cheers:*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

Chicagofor example, like thisWhat's the distance between your house and the place you work/study?14 kilometers. I drive it with a car in about 20 minutes (45 minutes if traffic jams occur badly). But i move to about 2,5km from work in a couple of months, so i don't need to face traffic jams then anymore.highway photography @ FlickrJPBrazil said:



What's the distance between your house and the place you work/study?

Click to expand...


10 meters.....
my work wait for me in car :lol:5 km. I cycle when I can, but the weather in the UK's been awful for several weeks and I've often taken the car instead.This signature is socialist and un-American.6 milesThe only 2 animals that can see behind itself without turning it's head are the rabbit and the parrot

~~~~~~ Pune, India ~~~~~~ North Mumbai, India ~~~~~~School: 8km
Work: > 3km.

I drive to school and take the bus/bike/walk to work downtown.SkyscraperCity SOOMAALIYA7 miles to schoolRight now, about 250 m.

In a week when I move off campus, about 2.5 km.

It's a 10X increase.7.9 miles.10km, i take the bus, takes about an hour. I once walked home after pub night from school and took 2 hoursI live in the country and forced to travel 50 miles by car to work and school, both located in the city. Four days a week.Home to work is 75km, takes about 1:15 by combination of bicycle, train and walking.About 5 miles from work, takes me about 35-40 minutes. Yes living in London is nice, except the traffic!Well I have two apartments:the first one is in the centre and home>school is about 20 min. distance-2km;the second one is in the suburbs so it depends on the traffic!I often take the bus but still home>school 45min. simetimes even an hour!The distance is around 9-10 km11,6 km or 11,1km ,depending on in which building I have my class. It takes about 45-60 minutes to get there. The route home is 1,3 km shorter,as the bus goes on an other route,but it is almost always 60 min to get home.

In air,the distance is 7,3 km or 6,9 km.Hungarian motorways Hungarian railways
Budapest constructions&updates Budapest metro M4
Pictures about
Sopron,Szeged,Veszprém,Debrecen,Keszthely,Lake Balaton,
Touristy and not-touristy BudapestUnfortunately like anywhere in the Bay area i Live about 25 miles from Work. (Fremont to San Jose) In a month Im starting work in San Francisco then it will be 30 miles each way.The nearest stop sign.50 km to my work 45 minSanta María De Los Buenos Ayres​
-ARGENTINA-​
flickr​12 kmIn a straight line on the map: 2,7 km. 25 minutes with public transport, 15 minutes with the bike. Car is not very interesting, because it is hard to park and it is expensive to park on another place, while it doesn't is much faster in the Amsterdam than other populair forms of transport.(it includes some Turkish slang, is it ok?)



















İstanbul metrobus is a system that actually needs heavy metro.
But municipality likes it because its cheap to built...howtobuy said:



decoration for your home

Click to expand...

Don't post a spam. Please post about related topics. Your post is unrelated to the topichhhh in our place they will load maximum people.that means 60 to 100.if at the time of rush hoursBut municipality likes it because its cheap to built...


i think its not good ....This link gives an overview of busses in Rotterdam:
http://drempelvrij.ret.nl/over-ret/organisatie/materieel/bus.html

Capacities vary between 60 and 126 passengers.In Pakistan a small bus can carry over 300 people.In Argentina, buses take all the people that fit, but the doors must be closed and the right mirror in sight of the driver. When the driver thinks the bus is full, he doesn't stop at the stops anymore, except for passengers to get off.

This is a typical bus here:El hilo de las barrancas y lomas de QUILMES (actualizado miércoles 5 de octubre)







QUILMES|ARGENTINAAtif Islam said:



In Pakistan a small bus can carry over 300 people.

Click to expand...

And how many bigger bus?Russian Superjet 100 makes first test flight 
12:46 | 19/ 05/ 2008 



KOMSOMOLSK-ON-AMUR, May 19 (RIA Novosti) - Russia's new Superjet 100 medium-haul passenger airliner made its first test flight on Monday, a spokesman for manufacturer Sukhoi Civil Aircraft said. 

The Superjet 100 project is a family of medium-range passenger aircraft developed by the Sukhoi Design Bureau in cooperation with major American and European aviation corporations, including Boeing, Snecma, Thales, Messier Dowty, Liebherr Aerospace, and Honeywell. 

"It took to the skies like a blue bird, performed all tests and landed," the official, who watched the flight in the Far East city of Komsomolsk-on-Amur, said. 

The manufacturer said in late April that the first Superjet 100 airliner had completed ground tests and been cleared for its maiden flight. 

Sukhoi said the aircraft's systems and avionics had successfully undergone a standard set of in-situ tests at the Central Aerohydrodynamics Institute (TsAGI). 

The company plans to manufacture at least 700 Superjet 100s, and intends to sell 35% of them to North America, 25% to Europe, 10% to Latin America, and 7% to Russia and China. 

Mikhail Pogosyan, Sukhoi's general director, said in January that the company had secured 73 solid orders for the aircraft. 

The list price of a 95-seat base model is $28 million, but the company is currently working on both smaller and larger capacity modifications. 

The market for the Superjet 100 is estimated at around $100 billion for around 5,500 planes, up to 2023.

Click to expand...






































:cheers:Sukhoi military jets rock. So, maybe this one does too. Looks conventional in design. This is my only gripe.Looks like a normal jet. Whats so super about it?The Flat Earth Society has members all around the globe. Join now.Nice work Russia.goschio said:



Looks like a normal jet. Whats so super about it?

Click to expand...

SuperJet is just a catchy marketing name. But it is indeed intended to be most modern and cost effective in it's class.Very interesting , finally Russia is reaching to the sky again ,small but a good startwhy the long pointy nose? maybe it lied too much!Historic Karachi
​My Architectural Works​
​TCF - Change lives through education|| Karachi - A megacity! ​I feel it sounds tacky to mention this but the more manufacturers of former communist countries still in business the better. Not being cannibalized and selled out and everything closed and put into a museum after a few years of being privatized. The whole situation they had to deal with was a bad oneswerveut said:



why the long pointy nose? maybe it lied too much!

Click to expand...

It's for test flight only.Gamma-Hamster said:






















Love the shape But the Boom looks like It might be more apt to Kill some vampires, Or an irate ATC controller :banana:

Click to expand...This is one of only a few (by a few i mean 3 or less) russian made planes the FAA has allowed to carry passengers in the united states. congrats on the deal russia! i hope this takes a bite out of the airbus market so Boeing can get its mess worked out.GO COUGS!

AAANL- American Architectural All Nighters LeaguePuertalian said:



This is one of only a few (by a few i mean 3 or less) russian made planes the FAA has allowed to carry passengers in the united states. congrats on the deal russia! i hope this takes a bite out of the airbus market so Boeing can get its mess worked out.

Click to expand...

Why didn't the FAA allow other russian commercial planes?"The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum - even encourage the more critical and dissident views. That gives people the sense that there's free thinking going on."

-Noam Chomsky-​Modest plane for Russia.
Russian plane has to go from Kaliningrad to Vladivostok
Слышал ,что Боинг запрещает нам их строить,только до скольких то посадочных местАлександр Немтырев / ネンテレフ / A. Nemtyrevhttp://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=665878

SSJ-100 got 49 orders on Farnborough 2008, to a total of 122 orders and 52 options.MC-21 model in Farnboroughdhuwman said:



Why didn't the FAA allow other russian commercial planes?

Click to expand...

Because the engines were too loud.Jonathan and Charlotte - Britain's Got Talent 2012 Live Semi Final 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eEc2WxCUcY

It's China's world, we just live in it.Cityjet - by Paul Harvey

http://aviationspotters.net/user_photo.php?ph_id=21154&user_name=Paultojo









http://aviationspotters.net/user_photo.php?ph_id=21153&user_name=PaultojoBy:www.aviationpros.com

Iran No Longer Wants Russia's Superjet 




Jan. 02--Iran has announced that it is no longer interested in purchasing Russia's Sukhoi Superjet 100 passenger aircraft, due to technical problems.

Purchase of the aircraft is no more on the agenda, Secretary of Association of Iranian Airlines Maqsoud Asadi Samani said, Mehr news agency reported Jan. 2.

He further said that the plane is not well-known to Iranian airline companies, adding that the superjet suffers from a technical problem with its tail.

Asadi Samani added that only three Iranian private airline companies have held talks with Russian aircraft manufacturer over leasing the plane.

He said that the companies even may withdraw from renting the aircraft if the technical problem proves to be serious.

Earlier Asadi Samani said that Iranian airlines are interested in purchasing the superjet, which was introduced to Iranian airliners on Dec. 13, 2016.

Meanwhile, Russia's Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin had said Moscow may deliver a big batch of Sukhoi Superjet 100 passenger aircraft to Iran by 2020.

Sukhoi Superjet 100 is a 75-seat and 95-seat passenger plane being produced since 2000 commissioned for flights services by the airlines from 2008.

A total of 64 Sukhoi Superjet 100 aircraft are currently in service, according to Sukhoi Civil Aircraft (SCA) data. The largest aircraft operators are Aeroflot (26 airplanes), Mexico's Interjet (19) and Gazpromavia (10 jets).

Copyright 2017 - Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

Click to expand...Calendrier jours fériés en Algériebidonv said:



By:www.aviationpros.com

Iran No Longer Wants Russia's Superjet

Click to expand...





The saga of Iran’s plans to buy Russian passenger aircraft took a new twist, with the head of Iran-Russia Chamber of Commerce Asadollah Asgaroladi declaring that the Russians are reluctant to sell their Sukhoi Superjet 100 airliners to the Islamic Republic. 

“We agreed to buy Sukhoi from the Russians. But they did not sell, making excuses,” the seasoned trader was quoted as saying by the Persian daily Shargh. 

Asgaroladi did not elaborate on the Russian excuses or why they were refusing. 

“We had a clear intention for buying it, but they didn’t agree. We have made so many trips back and forth to Russia, but to no avail. The Russians have good passenger planes,” he added.

Click to expand...

financialtribune.com

"East is a delicate matter" (с) komrad Sukhov :lol:For Sweden:

The Dacia Sandero

9136 EUR
12045 $

The Sandero is by far the cheapest new car, 2nd cheapest: Fiat Panda, Hyuindai I10, Peugeot 107 they all cost about 10885 EUR /14350 $ 

I'm waiting for Geely to be marketed here, if they pass the environmental requirements. 

The Geely CK2 seems to be very affordable. In Ukraine the lowest price is at 5452 EUR/7188$











The headlights remind me of an 2003 MB C-klasseThe Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationIn Russia
Daewoo Matiz
about 4975 euro









Renault (Dacia) Sandero (the simplest version)
about 8725 euroCheapest here is Tata Nano @ Rs 150,000 which is roughly 2000 Euros

http://www.tatanano.com/price_list.phpYoutube One Channel
http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1309895In Poland there are always discounts at the end of the year. So for now the list of cars available for less than 30k zł (~7380€) looks like this:

1. Hyundai i10








25 190zł (6198€)

2.Chevrolet Spark








25 990zł (6395€)

3. Fiat Panda Classic








26 990zł (6641€)

4. Dacia Sandero








29 990zł (7379€)Patrz w motocykle, lusterka są wszędzie.Brazil

Ford KA

$ 11,000 dollar#"Memento, ****, quia pulvis es, et in pulverem reverteris.”In Serbia it's Fiat Punto Classic, cheapest version 6.999€












Halfpipesaur said:



1. Hyundai i10
25 190zł (6198€)

Click to expand...

Here in Serbia Hyundai i10 (cheapest version) costs 8.530€ with discount! :nuts:Halfpipesaur said:



,
1. Hyundai i10








25 190zł (6198€)

Click to expand...

That Hyuindai I10 cheapest version cost 11567€ in Sweden.

Almost twice as much. I suspect that the polish version has less equipment and garanty ? Maybe it lacks airbag, power-steering, headrests, adjustable steering wheel, split rear seat and so on.

Swedish versions of different brands were always sold with more equipment than in other countries. 

For instance: In Germany and other european countries in the 1970's most cheap-versions of the Ford Granada & MB 200's did not come with right rearview mirror, headlight wipers and rear window heating.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationairbags, euro 5 emissions and so on are obligatory in all EU, aren't they ?Biesiada said:



airbags, euro 5 emissions and so on are obligatory in all EU, aren't they ?

Click to expand...

I don't think airbag is compulsory in the EU. In the US it is though.

What I mean is that a car model comes in different verisions depending on which country it's exported to. This because purchasing power is varying. Some wealthier countries may not want to bring in the cheapest models without the basic equipment.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationThe cheapest cars in Indonesia in 2012









Toyota Avanza/Daihatsu Xenia 
(IDR 126,000,000/13,187$)








Hyundai Avega
(IDR 121,000,000/12,604$)








Geely Panda
(IDR 95,000,000/9895$)​Transport for Jakarta - FDTJ
RI RP AUS NL L B F D CZ A DK S N CH FL I SLO SK GR CDN GB E P AND MC V H PL BG RO SRB BiH HR MNE NMK RKS AL M LV LT EST FIN MA ETH MAL SGP T CHN HK MO J CL KSA OM UAE Q TR USA IND GEO ROK RSMLosbp said:



The cheapest cars in Indonesia in 2012

​

Click to expand...

9895$ 64500SEK The Panda has some creative design, the front looks like a panda. Also Fiat had that model name (without looking like a panda)

Only concern is the wheels, they look very small, is that 14" or 16" ?

I can't wait to see this brand at my local dealer? If chinese scooters are sold here why not any cars yet?The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationAre all of these prices inclusive of VAT? 

In Bulgaria the cheapest is the Dacia Sandero: 









12,990 Leva or 6,634 EUR 

Second cheapest is the Great Wall Volex C10, which is assembled in Bulgaria









15,990 Leva or 8,166 EUR 

Hyundai i10 is probably cheaper but the price is currently not visible on their website.NordikNerd said:



9895$ 64500SEK The Panda has some creative design, the front looks like a panda. Also Fiat had that model name (without looking like a panda)

Only concern is the wheels, they look very small, is that 14" or 16" ?

I can't wait to see this brand at my local dealer? If chinese scooters are sold here why not any cars yet?

Click to expand...

The wheels indeed very small, it's 14"Transport for Jakarta - FDTJ
RI RP AUS NL L B F D CZ A DK S N CH FL I SLO SK GR CDN GB E P AND MC V H PL BG RO SRB BiH HR MNE NMK RKS AL M LV LT EST FIN MA ETH MAL SGP T CHN HK MO J CL KSA OM UAE Q TR USA IND GEO ROK RSMWe don't have Dacia in Denmark so I was looking at Hyundai A10 that cost around 10,500 € or more precisely 79,999 DKK.Losbp said:



The wheels indeed very small, it's 14"

Click to expand...

14" wheels are not small. That was a pretty standard size not long ago. Just because the current styling trend is toward wheels far bigger than any car should have doesn't mean 14" wheels are unsafe. 

Least expensive in the US would be the Nissan Versa at $11,990








(image from Wikipedia)NordikNerd said:



I don't think airbag is compulsory in the EU. In the US it is though.

What I mean is that a car model comes in different verisions depending on which country it's exported to. This because purchasing power is varying. Some wealthier countries may not want to bring in the cheapest models without the basic equipment.

Click to expand...

Polish base i10 has one airbag, ABS with EBD and that pretty much everything in terms of safety equipment.Patrz w motocykle, lusterka są wszędzie.Norway: 15,450 € for a Skoda Citigo is apparently the cheapest according to this site: http://www.klikk.no/motor/bil/biltester/article796524.ece










Picture source: Wiki commons.He Named Thor said:



14" wheels are not small. That was a pretty standard size not long ago. Just because the current styling trend is toward wheels far bigger than any car should have doesn't mean 14" wheels are unsafe. 

Least expensive in the US would be the Nissan Versa at $11,990








(image from Wikipedia)

Click to expand...

Insanely cheap. In Brazil we have this exact same car and it costs about US$ 18,000.THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOAccording to their website, Geely sells the LC hatch (Panda) for NZ$14,990 with the next cheapest car, the Holden Barina Spark (Chevrolet Spark) for NZ$16,990. 

So the cheapest car in New Zealand sells for US$12,288 and the second cheapest for US$13,928."You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place." -Vladimir PutinI noticed cars in Bulgaria are quite cheaper.


Meanwhile in the Philippines:

1. Suzuki Alto (P379,000pesos = USD9,200)










2. Hyundai EON (P438,000 = USD10,600)










3. Hyundai i10 (P478,000 = USD11,600)....Kim Domingo....​http://modumoda.com/2014/06/vespa.html




Vespa (Italian pronunciation: [ˈvɛspa]) is an Italian brand of scooter manufactured by Piaggio. The name means wasp in Italian. The Vespa has evolved from a single model motor scooter manufactured in 1946 by Piaggio & Co. S.p.A. of Pontedera, Italy to a full line of scooters and one of seven companies today owned by Piaggio.[1]
From their inception, Vespa scooters have been known for their painted, pressed steel unibody which combines a complete cowling for the engine (enclosing the engine mechanism and concealing dirt or grease), a flat floorboard (providing foot protection), and a prominent front fairing (providing wind protection) into a structural unit.

Source >> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespa

Click to expand...

Piaggio MP5 "Paperino", the initial Piaggio prototype








https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespa

Vespa Px 125








http://vespa.hondamotorcycle.com.hk/en/px.php1965 Vespa VVB 150








https://www.pinterest.com/explore/vespa-for-sale/

http://vintagevespa.pk/What is the most common car brand that you can find in your city or country?

In HK for example, Japanese cars as the most common with Toyota as the most common brand.Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!The Netherlands, 2009:

1) Toyota
2) Volkswagen
3) Ford 
4) Peugeot
5) Opel
6) Renault
7) Fiat
8) Audi
9) Citroën
10) Hyundai

most popular models 2009:
1) Volkswagen Golf IV
2) Toyota Aygo
3) Ford Fiesta
4) Ford Focus
5) Peugeot 107

Usually small cars, because a lot of households have them as a second car too.highway photography @ FlickrIf we include taxis it has to be Mercedes..

If we don't my guess is Volkswagon...FREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​The latest statistics for Italy are provided by Quattroruote magazine and refer to the January-August 2009 period.

These are the charts:

Brands:
1) Fiat
2) Ford
3) Opel
4) Peugeot
5) Citroen
6) Renault
7) Lancia
8) Volkswagen
9) Toyota/Lexus
10) Audi


The most popular models:
1) Fiat Punto/Grande Punto
2) Fiat Panda
3) Ford Fiesta
4) Fiat 500
5) Citroen C3
6) Opel Corsa
7) Lancia /Ypsilon
8) Peugeot 207
9) Volkwagen Golf
10) Toyota Yaris"Find all you need in your mind , if you take the time"2008 statistics for Russia

TOP-25 Brands

1)Lada 640194 

2)Chevrolet 235466 

3)Toyota 188866 

4)Hyundai 185471 

5)Ford 178515 

6)Nissan 146532 

7)Mitsubishi 111567 

8)Renault 106677 

9)Opel 98431 

10)Honda 89152 

11)Kia 87875 

12)Mazda 73271 

13)Volkswagen 52860 

14)Skoda 50475 

15)Peugeot 45239 

16)Suzuki 38314 

17)Fiat 26482 

18)Subaru 21780 

19)Volvo 21041 

20)Land Rover 20433 

21)BMW 18383 

22)SsangYong 17837 

23)Audi 17076 

24)Mercedes-Benz 16764 

25)Lexus 14796^^Nice to see some U.S. carmakers high on that list, but boy does Lada have a lead!

U.S.A.- Toyota
Wisconsin- ChevroletSeems like Toyota is the common in every country especially here in Asia.Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!In Germany it is most probably Volkswagen followed by Opel. BMW should also be ahead of Mercedes and Audi.The Flat Earth Society has members all around the globe. Join now.When it comes to new cars, Mitsubishi (Colt, Lancer) and Renault (Megane) were both leading this year in Lithuania. However, the most common sight is probably an Audi.This "potion" that turns you from Dr Jekyll into Mr Hyde looks an awful lot like six cans of Stella.ChrisZwolle said:



The Netherlands, 2009:

1) Toyota
2) Volkswagen
3) Ford 
4) Peugeot
5) Opel
6) Renault
7) Fiat
8) Audi
9) Citroën
10) Hyundai

most popular models 2009:
1) Volkswagen Golf IV
2) Toyota Aygo
3) Ford Fiesta
4) Ford Focus
5) Peugeot 107

Usually small cars, because a lot of households have them as a second car too.

Click to expand...

Toyota?? That's surprising!ho ho to pa ki hoHyyyundai 

And Daewoo!



IN OSAKA.In New Zealand (as of March 2009).

Top manufacturers:
1) Toyota
2) Ford
3) Holden
4) Mazda
5) Hyundai
6) Honda
7) Suzuki
8) Nissan
9) Mitsubishi
10) Kia

Top models:
1) Toyota Corolla
2) Hyundai Getz
3) Holden Commodore
4) Suzuki Swift
5) Mazda 3
6) Ford Falcon
7) Toyota Yaris
8) Mazda 6
9) Honda Jazz
10) Ford Mondeo

Source

-Nine of the fifteen top selling models for the month (of March) were either compact or small class cars. 
-The March result sees the continued decline in SUV style vehicle sales year to date.

Japan dominates NZ roads. Most Holdens and Fords in NZ are Australian made. Europeans cars are reserved for the high end market. American cars aren't too popular.In Serbia as far I can see this is the list:

1.VW
2.Zastava (Yugo)
3.Fiat
4.Opel
5.Skoda

Our people are crazy about the VW Golf and still after all those years I haven't figured why - it breaks frequently, fuel consumption is above average but that model is still one of the most wanted, for the 23 years old Golf II you have to pay around 3000 Euros which is ridiculous.UK:
Vauxhall/Opel
Ford
Renault
Portugal:
RenaultHe Named Thor said:



^^Nice to see some U.S. carmakers high on that list, but boy does Lada have a lead!

Click to expand...

The Chevrolets sold in Russia are models from GM Daewoo, along with the Chevrolet Niva made by GM-AvtoVAZ and the American Tahoe and TrailBlazer.

The Fords are European models, and the Focus is assembled at a factory near St Petersburg.I would agree with whizz pat in saying that Toyota is the most common in the country but where I live in Nelson (for those who want to find it on Google Maps or Earth, its at the top of the South Island) I find that there are a large ammount of Suzuki Swifts in Nelson. On an average school day, I counted about 14 Swifts on the drive to school which is about 18km. 

Most common European make in Nelson: BMW."You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place." -Vladimir PutinThis is the design I wanted it to be. Aichi's Toyota emitting the true Japanese cars. This is you used to be, and you will become.Gag Halfrunt said:



The Chevrolets sold in Russia are models from GM Daewoo, along with the Chevrolet Niva made by GM-AvtoVAZ and the American Tahoe and TrailBlazer.

The Fords are European models, and the Focus is assembled at a factory near St Petersburg.

Click to expand...

1. Whoa! You guys still have the Trailblazer. Neat. 
2. This is common of any carmaker outside of its native country/region. 
3. The main benefactor of a car purchase is always going to be the automaker. Yes, a purchase of a Tahoe is going to benefit the U.S. more than a Lacetti, but the Lacetti still brings in profit for the U.S. based company.In Venezuela is in this order:

1. Chevrolet
2. Toyota
3. Ford
4. Fiat
5. Mitsubishi
6. Hyundai
7. Jeep/Dodge/Chrysler
8. Renault
9. Volkswagen
10. Mazda
11. Nissan
12. Kia
13. Honda
14. Peigeot
15. Chery
16. Citroen
17. Hummer
18. Mercedes Benz
19. BMW
20. Geely
21. Great Wall
22. Skoda
23. Subaru
24. Audi
25. Daihatsu
26. Hafei
27. Infinity
28. Lexus
29. Seat
30. ZhongxingFree Venezuelan in the USA​Best selling car in Brazil since 1987 has been Volkswagen Gol, a Brazilian project designed locally (not to be confused with VW Golf, totally unrelated):THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOI live in a suburb of Buffalo, NY. It just snowed heavily the other day. My Main Street doesn't have a sidewalk, and I'd have to walk almost a mile to the bus stop. The bus takes awhile (0.5-1.5 hr) to get downtown as well. You want to go to another town? That's another hour.

Maybe Buffalo isn't like all of the other cities. Which one gets buses right?The full Buffalo Green Code
The Buffalo Planning Board
Check out my interactive Buffalo Development map!
Like ≠ EndorsementWhat do you think, is Honda Civic the most popular among youths especially Asian youths? Yes there are better ones such like Acura, BMW, Jaguar or Astron Martin but these autos are expensive. Honda Civic seems to be affordable and alot of them are juiced and are used for racing.

What do you think?Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!Offtopic♪ I love Morty and I hope Morty loves me, I'd like to wrap my arms around him and feel him inside me ♪Well I decided to put it here since it's about automobiles.Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!In Europe (somewhere else ?), the new Honda Civic looks like this:


























The Honda Civic Hybrid (designed from the American chassis):










The previous version:Which Civic? The European Civic is different from the American Civic. I don't know which one they use in Asia.

Either way, It hard to say one car dominates a particular market.Yes, Honda Civic is the most popular , best little car and now most advancedWell, I guess that's it for now. If you'd like to talk about anything...shoot. If not, thanks for sticking by me for so long. I'll catch you on the other side my friend.​Asia's 8th Generation Civic looks like this.My Travel BlogIt's a good car; I own one myself. Very reliable and cheap to maintain."Iraq shall be divided into three parts, regular, premium, and unleaded" - George W. Bush^^ Same here. Still running with good performance despite its age (over 8 years now!). I'll say it's popular among youths because it's affordable. Can't imagine youths buying F430s or Aston Martin Vanquish but the lucky ones might buy Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution or GTR Skyline.My Best of 
Venice | Mykonos | Florence
Athens | Prague | London | Taipei
Istanbul | Naples | Budapest | Marseilles
Vatican | Salzburg and Panorama Threads​It's expensive^^ I'll say it's one of the most inexpensive half-racing car you could get, unless you have other suggestions?My Best of 
Venice | Mykonos | Florence
Athens | Prague | London | Taipei
Istanbul | Naples | Budapest | Marseilles
Vatican | Salzburg and Panorama Threads​That's if you want to race; the car itself is simply a great car. I would take a Civic over any other comparably priced model, especially American ones."Iraq shall be divided into three parts, regular, premium, and unleaded" - George W. Bushjlshyang said:












Asia's 8th Generation Civic looks like this.

Click to expand...

This looks like the Acura RSX (formerly the Integra) in the US.I like the way cars look in Europe, small, discreet, pleasant and good for the environment unlike in America, where big, ugly, gas-guzzling cars and trucks dominate.Seems to me that Peugeot is quite popular amongst youths too.My Best of 
Venice | Mykonos | Florence
Athens | Prague | London | Taipei
Istanbul | Naples | Budapest | Marseilles
Vatican | Salzburg and Panorama Threads​Well it all depends for those who can and cannot afford certain cars. In Los Angeles For those who are looking for cars below the $20K range I believe Civic is the most popular and the Scion TC. As for cars in the $35K-45K the Infiniti G35,Acura TL, Audi A4, BMW 3, and C class are the most popular and yes I'm talking about youths. As for those who are into the $45-$60K range, like me lolz... it'll be Mercedes, Audi and BMW.
Theres tons of Asian youths, especially the Chinese diaspora in LA that drive BMW,Benz and Audi its all over the place.centreoftheuniverse said:



This looks like the Acura RSX (formerly the Integra) in the US.

Click to expand...

It is the Acura CSX in Canada They dont sell it in the US.Yes it is. Every young fellow thiks of this cars as the starting car for them. The redesinged modle kicks ass.Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupilsYour given choices maybe a bit to restricted, but I would say "definitely" because it is indeed one of the best selling sedan here in US. I would agree that most of youths today are very likely to suck into the fast and furious sentiment and Honda Civic has been long in the street racing scene. However, this is just my opinion, so don't take it seriously, cause I persoanl drive Honda Accord and it is a fine piece of driven machine! :cheers:*Chicago Skyline Heaven: vote for your favorite weekly >>_!_|_i_ 

World's tallest skylines by their top 10 - top 20 tallest skyscrapers >> http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=392000Vote for the potential candidates now!

Which cities in U.S. have CBD?>> Post CBD pix and vote for the best CBD skylines!
Chicago Boom Rundown>>BIG3:_S_A_J_
Freight Rail Capital of the World?>>Chicago? 

ChicagoThe best.....93 civic hatchback.......who can beat that........Looked for it and I'm amazed I couldn't find a thread devoted to solar. If someone else finds it perhaps merge it? Thanks.




http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/chi-ap-co-colo-renewableene,0,5899753.story

Obama announces $400M boost for Colo. solar firm

Associated Press
9:15 a.m. CDT, July 3, 2010

FORT COLLINS, Colo. — A solar company that got its start at Colorado State University is expected to get a $400 million federal loan guarantee, creating 1,500 permanent jobs in Colorado and Indiana. 

President Barack Obama planned to announce the loan to Abound Solar during his weekly radio address Saturday. 

The loan guarantee is part of nearly $2 billion in stimulus funds approved by the Department of Energy to Abound and Abengoa Solar Inc., Obama said in the address that was provided in advance by the White House to the Coloradoan in Fort Collins. 

Obama said the loan guarantee to Longmont-based Abound will help it create 2,000 construction jobs and 1,500 permanent jobs, eventually resulting in production of "millions of state-of-the-art solar panels each year." 

Federal loan guarantees help companies gain access to capital from a financial sector that's still reluctant to lend. They remove the risks for lenders. 

Abound Solar has about 360 employees, a plant just outside Longmont and offices in Loveland. The company has research and development staff in Fort Collins. 

The company plans another manufacturing operation at an empty Chrysler plant in Tipton, Ind. The distribution of jobs between Colorado and Indiana wasn't clear Friday. 

U.S. Rep. Betsy Markey said she and other members of Colorado's congressional delegation have been urging the Department of Energy to approve the application from Abound. 

"Without the loan guarantees, they would not be able to really move forward on this project," Markey said. 

Abengoa Solar is expected to get a $1.45 billion loan guarantee to build a large solar generation plant near Gila Bend, Ariz. 

The Obama administration previously announced 11 other solar projects funded with the help of $13 billion in loan guarantees from the stimulus bill.

Click to expand...Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/sns-ap-us-solar-coal-plant,0,5040852.story?obref=obinsite

Xcel Energy tests hybrid solar-coal project at power plant in western Colorado

By Associated Press

7:32 p.m. CDT, June 30, 2010

GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. (AP) — What if a coal-fired power plant could use energy from the sun to reduce how much coal it needs to generate electricity?

Minneapolis-based Xcel Energy said Wednesday that it is testing a demonstration hybrid solar-coal project at its Cameo Generating Station near Grand Junction this year.

It uses curved glass mirrors to concentrate energy from the sun and provide heat that could be used to produce steam. The steam turns a generator that makes electricity. The idea is to make steam without having to burn as much coal and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

The company Abengoa Solar developed the parabolic-trough technology that concentrates the thermal energy from the sun

Click to expand...

..Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-met-solar-exelon-20100630,0,7031780.story?obref=obnetwork

Solar power may get chance to shine in Illinois
Advocates see West Pullman power plant as sign of hope

By Gerry Smith, Tribune reporter

8:49 p.m. CDT, June 30, 2010

At a former industrial site on Chicago's South Side, more than 32,000 solar panels slowly tilt every few minutes, following the sun as it moves across the sky.

Operated by Exelon Corp., the 40 acres of panels in West Pullman is the nation's largest urban solar plant, generating 10 megawatts of clean power and hope for an Illinois industry that has long waited for its moment in the sun.

"We have been frustrated over the years that solar has not become more mainstream," said Kevin Lynch, who trains electricians to install solar panels for the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. "We understand it's still a relatively expensive technology, but the cost is much less than it was a few years ago."


Indeed, the biggest obstacle to the growth of solar energy — its cost — has started to decline. The price of photovoltaic solar panels dropped more than 40 percent last year due to a glut in global supply, according to the Solar Energy Industries Association.

The drop in price is driving renewed interest in solar energy, said Howard Learner, executive director of the Environmental Law and Policy Center.

Last month, Illinois lawmakers passed legislation that will double the state's solar power supply each year and create an estimated 5,000 "green" jobs by 2014. Meanwhile, at least three solar developers have plans to build solar projects of 10 to 20 megawatts in Illinois, Learner said.

To be sure, Illinois is not quite the solar-powered mecca of California or Florida. But the potential is there: The sun in Illinois is more intense than in Japan or Germany, the world's two largest solar markets.

"Illinois has the opportunity to be a very significant solar energy leader between the two coasts," Learner said.

Nationwide, there are more than 22,000 megawatts of large-scale solar projects under development, or enough to power 4.4 million homes. And government incentives are helping drive the industry. A 30 percent manufacturing tax credit has resulted in the construction of 58 new facilities to produce solar energy equipment, according to Jared Blanton, a spokesman for the Solar Energy Industries Association.

In Illinois, unions are preparing for the anticipated demand. At an apprentice school in Alsip, Lynch trains about 200 electricians a year to work in the solar industry. His students are hoping to follow in the footsteps of Jim Amedeo, the site supervisor at Exelon's West Pullman plant.

Amedeo, who once ran data centers for Internet and telephone companies, now spends his days checking the position and quality of solar panels to make sure they are absorbing maximum sunlight.

"I'm glad I got in at the beginning of a growth industry," said Amedeo, who works for SunPower Corp., which designed and operates the facility. "Solar is ready to take off here in the United States."

But the promise of "green" jobs should not be seen as a panacea for unemployment, Lynch said. Exelon's West Pullman plant, for example, created about 200 jobs, but only during the six months of construction, he said.

"It certainly wasn't something that went on for years," Lynch said.

In Illinois, much of the focus on renewable energy will still revolve around large-scale wind farms. Power companies in the state must get at least 25 percent of their electricity from green sources by 2025. Of that amount, 75 percent must come from wind, while only 6 percent must come from solar, said Mark Burger, president of the Illinois Solar Energy Association.

Solar power still needs more legislative support before it can thrive in Illinois, proponents say. For one, they say, Illinois needs to change the rules that determine how solar producers are paid for exporting clean energy to the grid — a process known as net metering.

The current rules have utilities paying higher prices to smaller solar producers than larger producers. A measure in Springfield that would have required utilities to pay retail prices to larger solar producers did not pass.

Still, solar proponents see hope for the future in Exelon's solar plant, which began operating in December.

To finance the $62 million project, Exelon took advantage of local real estate and federal tax incentives. The company hopes to recoup more costs by eventually selling solar renewable energy credits. For a company that has staked its future largely on nuclear reactors, the solar plant is a learning experience.

"We look forward to learning lessons on how this operates," Exelon spokesman Paul Elsberg said. "This is really our first foray into solar power."

The facility has generated a range of benefits for the local economy. The solar panels sit on metal poles created by Fabricating and Welding Corp., less than a mile away. And the site itself, which sat abandoned for 30 years, is now back on the city's tax rolls.

The solar plant generates enough electricity to power about 1,500 homes, and its clean power means less greenhouse gases are emitted, the equivalent of taking 2,500 cars off the road each year.

But with unemployment remaining high, new solar projects such as Exelon's are being measured as much for the jobs they create — even if only temporary — as the pollution they avoid.

"These were actual construction jobs, with decent wages, health insurance and pensions," Lynch said. "And there's going to be clean energy coming from that site for years and years to come."

[email protected]

Click to expand...


..Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”Solar panels are old tech and in terms of $ to power it's pretty cheap but only good during the sumer and in the right country. In most of Europe or northern US/Canada solar is useless...
They should use it more in countries with plenty of sun.^^ that is why nuclear and solar must go hand in handTHREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOGood

Thanks for the info,that is really help.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/03/10/solar-power-breakthrough_n_833483.html

Solar Power Breakthrough Claimed By Stanford Researchers 

Posted: 03/10/11

From EarthTechling's Pete Danko:

It’s the Holy Grail at clean energy research labs all over the world and something which could address long term energy issues domestically and beyond: more efficient photovoltaic solar. We’ve told you about scientists studying full-spectrum cells, using textured substrates, trying self-regenerating nanomaterials – we’ve even reported on an anti-reflective film inspired by a coating found in moth eyes. Now a Stanford team is claiming a breakthrough in making cheaper, more efficient panels by adding a single layer of organic molecules to solar cells.

The researchers studied this technique on a fairly new type of solar cell that uses tiny particles of semiconductors called quantum dots. Quantum dot solar cells are cheaper to produce than traditional silicon cells, but they haven’t caught on due to their relative inefficiency.

For Stacey Bent, a chemical engineering professor at Stanford, this represented something of a challenge. She knew that solar cells made of a single material have a maximum efficiency of about 31 percent, a limitation of the fixed energy level they can absorb, and that quantum dot solar cells didn’t share this limitation. “Quantum dots can be tuned to absorb a certain wavelength of light just by changing their size,” the Stanford report on her research says. “And they can be used to build more complex solar cells that have more than one size of quantum dot, allowing them to absorb multiple wavelengths of light.”

So Bent and her team coated a titanium dioxide semiconductor in their quantum dot solar cell with a very thin single layer of organic molecules. They found that just that single layer, less than a nanometer thick, was enough to triple the efficiency of the solar cells.

Even with this breakthrough, there’s still work to do: Bent said the cadmium sulfide quantum dots she’s been using aren’t ideal for solar cells, so her group plans to try other molecules for the organic layer, while also tinkering with the solar cell increase light absorption.

Her theory is, said Stanford, that once the sun’s energy creates an electron and a hole, the thin organic layer helps keep them apart, preventing them from recombining and being wasted. The group has yet to optimize the solar cells, and they have currently achieved an efficiency of, at most, 0.4 percent. But the group can tune several aspects of the cell, and once they do it is said, the threefold increase caused by the organic layer would be even more significant.

Click to expand...

..Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”http://www.sify.com/news/ultrafast-...efficient-news-international-ldjpEijgcje.html

Ultrafast laser to make solar cells more affordable, efficient  
2011-03-09 


Researchers at Purdue University's Center are developing a technology that employs ultrafast pulsing laser to help make solar cells more affordable and efficient.

The technology will help experts overcome two main issues: the need to reduce manufacturing costs and increase the efficiency of converting sunlight into an electric current, said Yung Shin.

The cells use tiny "microchannels" needed to interconnect a series of solar panels into an array capable of generating useable amounts of power, he said.

Conventional "scribing" methods, which create the channels mechanically with a stylus, are slow and expensive and produce imperfect channels, impeding solar cells' performance.

"Production costs of solar cells have been greatly reduced by making them out of thin films instead of wafers, but it is difficult to create high-quality microchannels in these thin films," Shin said.

"The mechanical scribing methods in commercial use do not create high-quality, well-defined channels. Although laser scribing has been studied extensively, until now we haven't been able to precisely control lasers to accurately create the microchannels to the exacting specifications required."..................

Click to expand...

...




http://www.coloradoan.com/article/20110309/NEWS01/103090342/Energy-research-hub-proposed-near-Carr

Energy research hub proposed near Carr
12:58 AM, Mar. 9, 2011

..........Proposed by Loveland-based Harrison Resource Corp. and Niobrara Energy Park LLC, the planned 635-acre park could be a massive fossil fuels and renewable energy research, production and services hub feeding off the rapidly expanding Niobrara oil play and the solar and wind-power projects occurring throughout Larimer and Weld counties.

Proposed for a section of land near Carr between Interstate 25 and U.S. Highway 85 about 25 miles northeast of Fort Collins and 15 miles south of Cheyenne, the project is expected to go before the Weld County commissioners on March 16.
The Niobrara Energy Park's developer, Harrison Resource Corp. President Craig Harrison, said Tuesday that the park would sit near a major regional fiber-optic, natural gas and electricity transmission corridor - the ideal spot to develop utility-scale solar energy projects, oil and gas servicing infrastructure, energy storage facilities, a major telecommunications data center and an energy research installation.
"By combining old and new energy sources, this project could be the first 'hybrid' energy park in America," Harrison wrote to Weld County planners in an application for a zoning change filed in January............

Click to expand...





http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/09/idUS100792642520110309

Saudi Arabia's Solar Ambitions Still Far Off, Even With New Polysilicon Plant
By Maria Gallucci at SolveClimate

Wed Mar 9, 2011 4:16am EST 

The oil kingdom's domestic solar industry — both in terms of manufacturing and installations — 'is very much yet to take off,' says industry analyst 
By Maria Gallucci

Oil giant Saudi Arabia hasn't been shy about putting forward a vision to turn its massive potential for solar power into its second major energy export.

But the kingdom's ambitions and pronouncements have so far exceeded results. Though some projects are in the works, the country still doesn't generate any electricity from the sun's light or other renewable sources. Nor does it ship any solar equipment overseas.

So it is not surprising, then, that industry officials are responding cautiously to notions that a recently announced and much-hyped $1.5 billion plant for solar panel parts will help the Saudis make use of solar energy at home.

Last week, Saudi-based Polysilicon Technology Co. — a joint venture between Saudi Mutajadedah Energy Co. and South Korea's KCC Corp. — said it had signed $380 million deal with two Korean engineering firms to build the polysilicon plant along the Gulf Coast................

Click to expand...





http://www.earthtechling.com/2011/03/solar-power-research-an-energy-crisis-fix/

Solar Power Research An Energy Crisis Fix?by Pete Danko, March 7th, 2011

It’s the Holy Grail at clean energy research labs all over the world and something which could address long term energy issues domestically and beyond: more efficient photovoltaic solar. We’ve told you about scientists studying full-spectrum cells, using textured substrates, trying self-regenerating nanomaterials – we’ve even reported on an anti-reflective film inspired by a coating found in moth eyes. Now a Stanford team is claiming a breakthrough in making cheaper, more efficient panels by adding a single layer of organic molecules to solar cells.

The researchers studied this technique on a fairly new type of solar cell that uses tiny particles of semiconductors called quantum dots. Quantum dot solar cells are cheaper to produce than traditional silicon cells, but they haven’t caught on due to their relative inefficiency..............

Click to expand...Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”http://www.earthtechling.com/2011/02/full-spectrum-solar-made-easier-to-make/
Full-Spectrum Solar Made Easier To Make
by Pete Danko, February 2nd, 2011

In 2002, Wladek Walukiewicz and Kin Man Yu of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory’s Material Sciences Division stacked crystalline layers with closely matched but slightly different levels of indium content, and made a photovoltaic device that was sensitive to the full solar spectrum. Had they conquered the longstanding challenge of finding a way to make more of the sun’s light available for conduction? Not quite. Their complex solar cell wasn’t viable for manufacture.

So the work went on, and on, and on … until now. Now, according to the Berkeley Lab, Walukiewicz and his team have hit on a new design that “promises highly efficient solar cells that are practical to produce.”.............

Click to expand...





http://www.earthtechling.com/2010/12/hypersolar-on-upping-solar-cell-output/
HyperSolar On Upping Solar Cell Output
by Susan DeFreitas, December 27th, 2010

Solar cells are notoriously expensive to produce–and though they generate renewable energy, they can also be pretty hard on the earth in terms of the natural resources required to produce them. Concentrated solar power seeks to address both issues by getting more power out of each solar cell on a panel, and HyperSolar, a California-based company, recently reported a major technological breakthrough in this area.

The HyperSolar concentrator layer works to increase the amount of light that reaches a given solar cell, decreasing the number of solar cells manufacturers must fit on a panel in order to achieve the desired level of output. While it’s too soon to say exactly how much this new technology could decrease the price of solar panels in general, the impact is likely to be significant............

Click to expand...

..Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”What is the average efficiency of commercial solar facilities (I mean what is the actual average annual output of a solar facility in relation to its installed capacity?)THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOThe researchers studied this technique on a fairly new type of solar cell that uses tiny particles of semiconductors called quantum dots.http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/...nment-to-slash-subsidies-for-solar-power.html

Government to slash subsidies for solar power

The Government plans to slash subsidies for large-scale solar installations to divert money to smaller alternative energy projects, in a move that the industry has called a “horrendous strategic mistake”. 

By Garry White 8:22PM GMT 18 Mar 2011 

A review of the Feed-in Tariffs was announced in February, in response to concerns that large solar projects would soak up the available subsidy at the expense of other technologies. This followed a study that showed there could already be 169 megawatts of large-scale solar capacity in the planning system - equivalent to funding solar panels on the roofs of around 50,000 homes if tariffs were left unchanged. 

Greg Barker, climate change minister, said: “I want to make sure that we capture the benefits of fast falling costs in solar technology to allow even more homes to benefit from Feed-in Tariffs, rather than see that money go in bumper profits to a small number of big investors.” 

However, the Renewable Energy Association & Solar Trade Association said that the government was making a mistake. “There is disbelief within the industry that the Government has totally undermined the solar sector without having first properly understood its potential,” the trade body said. 

The proposals, published on Friday, would reduce the tariff for roof-mounted schemes of more than 50 kilowatts by 39pc to 49pc and the tariff for stand-alone schemes may be reduced by more than 70pc.

Click to expand...

. .Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”Old news actually:The Italian ministry for economic development killed basically all investments into photovoltaics (we're talking about the market which was projected to be the second largest in the world in 2011) two weeks ago by implementing a law that says that feed-in tariffs will be reformed at the 1st of June without specifying how the new tariff system will look like at all. :lol:
So, untill this will be published (sometime in april), basically all projects were cancelled and the whole industry is on halt.Folglich mein TagesTipp => Es genau so hinzunehmen wie ich es sagte. Notorisches Widersprechen wird nichts bringen. Ehrlich! Vertraut mir da voellig! 
__________ __________ __________http://edition.cnn.com/2010/TECH/innovation/09/27/jellyfish.solar.power/index.html?hpt=Sbin

'Jellyfish' smoothies offer solar solutions 

By Barry Neild, for CNN
October 4, 2010 -- Updated 0914 GMT 

(CNN) -- Putting thousands of jellyfish in a blender to make a smoothie sounds like the start of bad joke. In fact, it's one way to source ingredients for a new generation of solar power solutions that could aid medical science and offer cheap energy.

Scientists say by liquidizing the humble Aequorea victoria -- a glow-in-the-dark jellyfish commonly found off the western coast of North America -- they can use the green fluorescent protein (GFP) it contains to create miniature fuel cells.

These, say their creators, could be used to power microscopic "nanodevices" that could operate independently inside the human body, helping reverse blindness or fight tumors.

Nanotechnology -- the manipulation of matter at an atomic scale (one nanometer is equivalent to one billionth of a meter) -- is seen by many as the future of medicine, but the science of powering nano-machinery is still in its infancy.

Which is where the jellyfish come in.

Zackary Chiragwandi at Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg, Sweden told CNN he has developed a method of generating power at a nano-level by administration a droplet of jellyfish-type GFP onto aluminum electrodes and exposing it to ultraviolet light.

The technique, he says, is more foolproof than existing light-powered cells, doing away with the need for expensive and tricky titanium elements found in "Gratzel cells" -- acclaimed solar-power fuel cells that mimic plant photosynthesis.

Chiragwandi says his cell can even utilize enzymes from fireflies and Renilla reniformis sea pansies to create its own light source, making it completely self-contained.

In Chiragwandi's "biophotovoltaic nanodevice," electrons flow through a circuit when light hits the green fluorescent protein. He says this generates a current measuring "tens of nano amperes."

The amount may seem negligible, but if scaled up would appear to offer a more efficient power supply than existing solar cells.

"The output characteristics of the biophotovoltaic nanodevice are comparable with those of earlier reported high efficiency solar cells," says Chiragwandi, adding that the power cells could be deployed within one or two years.

"The biological fuels may be a means to independently power nanotechnology embedded in a living organism, such as diagnostic, medical or even communication devices residing within a living organism without need for an external electrical power source," he says.

Meanwhile at the UK's University of Cambridge, scientists say they have worked out a way to turn living algae into what is effectively a floating biological solar cell that could be used to generate power from almost any non-freezing body of fresh or salt water.

Paolo Bombelli, who is part of the team developing the method, says it is possible to hack into the energy released by photosynthesizing organisms using specially-designed transparent electrodes.

By tapping into this process -- which sees water broken into oxygen, protons and electrons -- they have so far managed to generate enough electricity to run a digital clock.

"As we stand, we are not talking about a large amount of electricity," he told CNN, adding that the team were "quite far from a real application; definitely a long-term plan."

Although they have demonstrated that they could operate the technique on seawater in a broad temperature range -- thus opening up most of the world's oceans to potential use -- Bombelli says they have yet to exceed sunlight-to-electricity efficiency levels of 0.1 percent.

A major problem, he says, is working out "how we can push the system further without killing the organisms."

Although the algae might currently be at risk, for the jellyfish there is good news. Thanks to modern breakthroughs allowing scientists to grow their own green fluorescent protein using bacteria -- the unsuspecting sea creatures are no longer on the milkshake menu.

Click to expand...

..

..Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-...dy-rival-coal-spurring-installation-boom.html


Solar Power May Already Rival Coal, Prompting Installation Surge

By Ehren Goossens - Apr 5, 2011 

Solar panel installations may surge in the next two years as the cost of generating electricity from the sun rivals coal-fueled plants, industry executives and analysts said. 

Large photovoltaic projects will cost $1.45 a watt to build by 2020, half the current price, Bloomberg New Energy Finance estimated today. The London-based research company says solar is viable against fossil fuels on the electric grid in the most sunny regions such as the Middle East. 

“We are already in this phase change and are very close to grid parity,” Shawn Qu, chief executive officer of Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ), said in an interview. “In many markets, solar is already competitive with peak electricity prices, such as in California and Japan.” 

Chinese companies such as JA Solar Holdings Ltd., Canadian Solar and Yingli Green Energy Holding Co. are making panels cheaper, fueled by better cell technology and more streamlined manufacturing processes. That’s making solar economical in more places and will put it in competition with coal, without subsidies, in the coming years, New Energy Finance said. 

“The most powerful driver in our industry is the relentless reduction of cost,” Michael Liebreich, chief executive officer of New Energy Finance, said at the company’s annual conference in New York yesterday. “In a decade the cost of solar projects is going to halve again.” 

Installation Boom 

Installation of solar PV systems will almost double to 32.6 gigawatts by 2013 from 18.6 gigawatts last year[/B], New Energy Finance estimates. Manufacturing capacity worldwide has almost quadrupled since 2008 to 27.5 gigawatts, and 12 gigawatts of production will be added this year. Canadian Solar has about 1.3 gigawatts of capacity and expects to reach 2 gigawatts next year, Qu said. 

“You have to get better at it as well,” said Bill Gallo, CEO of Areva SA (CEI)’s solar unit. The French company could shave another 20 percent from the cost of making its concentrating solar thermal technology, and the same proportion from building and deploying plants, he said. 

Electricity from coal costs about 7 cents a kilowatt hour compared with 6 cents for natural gas and 22.3 cents for solar photovoltaic energy in the final quarter of last year, according to New Energy Finance estimates. 

Comparisons often overstate the costs of solar because they may take into account the prices paid by consumers and small businesses who install roof-top power systems, instead of the rates utilities charge each other, said Qu of Canadian Solar. 

“Solar isn’t expensive,” he said “In many areas of the solar industry you’re competing with retail power, not wholesale power.” 

Rooftop solar installations also will become cheaper, the executives said. 

“System costs have declined 5 percent to 8 percent (a year), and we will continue to see that,” SolarCity Inc. CEO Lyndon Rive said in an interview. The Foster City, California- based company is a closely held installer and owner of rooftop power systems. 

To contact the reporter on this story: Ehren Goossens at the BNEF Summit in New York at [email protected] 

Click to expand...



..Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”ANALYSIS-Rooftops to revive Spain's flagging solar industry

MADRID, March 29 (Reuters) - Solar panels on the rooftops of Spain are likely to pay for themselves within five years without needing subsidies and revive an industry in the doldrums after the country became the world's second-largest producer.

Analysts predict the cost of small rooftop panels will become competitive with retail power prices long before the cost of larger, ground-based plants, which must compete with lower wholesale prices for electricity produced from gas or coal.

"We believe that commercial and residential rooftop solar power generation has great potential in Spain, and across Europe," said Rupesh Medlani, an analyst with Barclays Capital.

"Panel price falls in recent years combined with higher retail energy costs has made the economics far more attractive."

Solar power currently provides 2 percent of Spain's electricity, but producers need subsidies to operate plants.

Wholesale power prices in Spain are around 5 eurocents a kilowatt-hour. Consumers typically pay 17 eurocents, and the costs of roof-mounted panels are expected to fall below that level by 2016.

Industry group Asif estimates that sunlight falling on just 1.1 percent of Spain's surface area could provide all of the country's energy needs -- not just electricity -- which is less than half the 2.3 percent already taken up by urban areas.

"You wouldn't even have to cover all the roofs in Spain with solar panels," said Asif spokesman Tomas Diaz.

"There is the issue of how you would do it, how you manage demand for electricity, but there is no problem at all over area or potential," he added.

NET METERING

Photovoltaic panels, which directly convert sunlight into electricity, produce power directly for the consumer and avoid losses along transmission lines, which eat up around 8 percent of all power generated by utilities.

Rooftops also could cut out the need for solar plants to use up valuable hectares of farmland.

Spain has so far installed few rooftop panels, however. A draft decree awaiting approval by Spain's energy regulator plans to make it easier for consumers to finance solar panels by allowing them to feed any power they do not use into the grid.

Utilities would then discount the surplus from the final bill, a practice known as "net metering", which is already on the statute books in Germany and 43 U.S. states.

A recent report by accountants KPMG estimated rooftop units in Spain could cut electricity consumption by 60-80 percent for residential buildings and 40-60 percent for commercial or industrial premises by 2015.

Germany is the world's biggest solar power producer, with more than four times the generating capacity of second-placed Spain, although it receives less than one-third as much sunlight. Most of its installations are on rooftops.

"Spain in many regions has a lot more sun-hours, so therefore if the economics work in countries like Germany and the UK, then there's no reason to think the economics can't work in a country like Spain," said Peter Sweatman, chief executive of consultants Climate Strategy.

Asif estimates that rooftop panels are already cost-effective in the southerly Canary Islands, where grid connections are relatively scarce and expensive.

FINANCING EASIER

The International Energy Agency, an adviser to industrialised nations on energy policy, estimates solar power could provide up to a quarter of the world's electricity by 2050 but will need government support before the technology becomes cost effective.

Generous feed-in tariffs made Spain the world's biggest solar market in 2008 but cost the government billions of euros. It then capped the number of plants entitled to support and last year cut feed-in tariffs for existing plants by 45 percent.

Diaz said financing a residential PV panel for 10,000-25,000 euros ($14,050-35,130) -- comparable to other building work -- is far simpler for an installer than a utility-scale project.

"He won't ask for project finance. He will ask for credit but won't run into financial restrictions faced by other PV projects," he said.

Sweatman said commercial and industrial users are better placed to finance rooftop installations, and KPMG predict they will make up the bulk of Spain's PV capacity by 2020, which could be four to five times current levels.

On Madrid's main artery, the Paseo de la Castellana, rooftops are already sprouting solar panels where signs or billboards used to be.

Barcelona's Montjuic municipal cemetery has installed solar panels to help power its crematoria and reduce its dependence on the grid by 34 percent. The 300,000 euro project is designed to generate 136,000 kWh a year over a working life of 25 years, which would be enough to power 46 homes.

Spain's Industry Ministry announced earlier this month it, too, was to install solar panels as part of a plan to cut energy consumption at its headquarters by 20 percent.

"When on a non-subsidised basis solar photovoltaic power becomes cheaper than other alternatives, the boom in solar will be exponential," Sweatman said.World Photo Gallery recent updates - | Chicago | Los Angeles | Toronto | London | Buffalo | Yellowknife | Silk Road  
More galleries - | Hong Kong |  Pyongyang  | Istanbul | Dubai | Shanghai | Mumbai | Queenstown, NZ | Bagan | Angkor Wat***********http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20110421/ap_on_re_us/us_green_nyc

NY to build solar power plants on capped landfills

23 mins ago

NEW YORK – New York City plans to build solar power plants on capped landfills and launch a loan program to help property owners pay for green energy efficiency upgrades.

The initiatives are part of an update to the city's 4-year-old PlaNYC environmental road map.

Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to announce the update Thursday. His office released details Wednesday night.

The plan was launched Earth Day 2007. It aims to reduce the city's greenhouse gas emissions 30 percent by 2030. The city says emissions already have dropped 13 percent from 2005 levels.

Bloomberg's administration says building solar plants on the surfaces of landfills could generate up to 50 megawatts of power.

The city also plans to use $40 million in federal stimulus funds to launch the New York City Energy Efficiency Corporation to help property owners get financing for green improvements.

Click to expand...

,.....Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/07/14/ken-salazar-interior-secr_0_n_898788.html?ir=Green

Ken Salazar, Interior Secretary, Says Feds Will Refine Plan On Solar 

Development Zones 

By CATHERINE TSAI 07/14/11 

DENVER -- Federal officials are refining their plan for speeding up solar energy development in zones of public lands in six western states, after receiving about 80,000 comments on the plan, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said Thursday.

In December, the Interior Department released a draft identifying 24 solar development zones in California, Nevada, Colorado, Utah, New Mexico and Arizona with the highest potential for large-scale solar development and the fewest environmental conflicts.

The Bureau of Land Management's deputy director of operations, Mike Pool, said Thursday he anticipates eliminating and reducing some zones but that he couldn't give specifics yet.

The thousands of comments and concerns on the proposal demonstrate high interest in what the Interior and Energy departments are doing on renewable energy, Salazar said.

"We've taken those comments into consideration. We are talking about institutionalizing a program on solar development that will outlast the Obama administration," he said in a teleconference with reporters...........

However, Sportsmen for Responsible Energy Development, representing hunters and anglers, said its members are concerned that hunters, anglers and the outdoors industry could be affected if solar projects shrink wildlife habitat and water. It said its members can offer expertise in helping choose proper sites for projects.

Also Thursday, Salazar announced approval of two solar projects and a transmission line in California, plus a wind project in Oregon, that involve roads, rights of way or transmission lines across public land. Together the projects would provide 550 megawatts of electricity – enough to power 185,000 to 380,000 homes – and create about 1,300 construction jobs, he said.............

Click to expand...

...Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”http://www.cnn.com/2011/TECH/innovation/08/14/solar.light.bulbs/index.html?hpt=hp_bn7

Bringing solar light bulbs to the world

By Jim Spellman, CNN

August 15, 2011 6 

Denver (CNN) -- It started with such a simple concept: A solar light bulb that charges up during the day and lights the night when the sun sets. 

Inventor Steve Katsaros perfected his design in June 2010, and four days later he had a patent in hand. 

He knew it was a good product, but he didn't know what to do with it. 

"It wasn't until after we created it that we asked ourselves, 'How do we market this,'" Katsaros says. "And we learned that the largest market was the developing world."

As Katsaros began researching markets in developing countries, he began to realize that his solar light bulb could potentially make a huge impact on the 1.4 billion people around the world who don't have access to an electrical grid. 

Many use fuel lamps that burn kerosene, which is costly, dirty and can also be unhealthy. 

He dubbed his company Nokero -- short for "No Kerosene" -- and set out to get his bulbs into as many hands a possible in the developing world. 

First, Katsaros had to answer a key question that would determine how he would have the strongest impact: should his company be nonprofit, or for-profit?

Katsaros found inspiration from the 2008 book by Paul Polak, "Out of Poverty."
Polak, who has worked in developing nations for 30 years, believes that the charity model of aid used by nonprofit organizations doesn't work -- despite its good intentions. 

The best way to help people, according to Polak, is to treat them as consumers. If you can sell to them, he says, you can help them.............

Click to expand...


....Stephane Charbonnier, “I'd rather die standing up than live on my knees.”What are some buildings from around the world that you think has a futuristic design? 


Here is the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas:I don't see what's supposed to be futuristic about the design of those buildings in the OP.

Personally, I've always been a fan of the ING House in Amsterdam:










Simply because it looks so different compared to anything else that the brain doesn't really associate it with pre-existing styles.lawine said:



I don't see what's supposed to be futuristic about the design of those buildings in the OP.

Click to expand...

I just like all the LED Lights on it. It makes it look Cyberpunk. Here are some more future buildings:Well if led's on a building are futuristic, I guess there's the KPN building in Rotterdam. 










Pretty cool when animated at night:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qcia4Ae7JasIn Mexico, not super futuristic, but somehow different to their age

1964 Antropology Museum











Soumaya Museum 














Telcel Theatre 


















Tori Tori Restaurant












Virreyes Tower










Underground Mall


















The "Washing Machine"












Reforma 412











Brick Hotel 










Paseo Interlomas Mall











Coyoacan Executive Campus










Selecto Chedraui Supermarket Santa Fè, Mexico City




















Paradox Towers when finished











Other Santa Fè Towers











Liverpool Insurgentes










Reforma Tower










Residencial del Bosque 










1958 Felix Candela, Restaurant Los Manantiales










1990 La casa en el Aire by Agustín Hernández

















1975 Agustín Hernández Studio


























Shark House by Senosiain



























Selecto Chedraui Supermarket in Puebla, Mexico












Monterrey Stadium, Mexico
















ç


Habita Hotel Monterrey












But the most futuristic for me is the Ciudad de las Artes y las Ciencias in Spain by CalatravaCivil Justice Centre, Manchester UK



A pretty brave design for a public courts building by Denton Corker MarshallLAX air traffic control tower has a nice retro futuristic look:
http://www.iflylax.com/images/theme.jpgAwesome! 
I just saw the picture and I knew it was Vegas haha.. :nuts:RandomDude01 said:



LAX air traffic control tower has a nice retro futuristic look:

Click to expand...

so true! and the stratosphere at vegasyouknow sl sl chuantu.biz sl t3 sl 17 sl 1461116448x3738746535.jpg

btw, how to define futuristic and postmodern? ( think the same thing)Metropol Parasol, aka "The Mushrooms". Sevilla, Andalusia.Hi folks, I am working a bit in copper as a metal artist but recently I came up with the news that copper has antybacterial properties and is good at killking bacterias. 
Its quite fresh idea and science discovery like 5-7 years. 

DId you see many of that in your area ? I didnt , and I wonder why not ?

It looks like a great great future for this material to be used in public transport handrails, all hospital pieces that are frequently touched and many many more . 

Any input in that tread I do appreciate. 
PeteI wouldn't say copper but an alloy made by copper and zinc called brass
source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BrassZaz965 said:



I wouldn't say copper but an alloy made by copper and zinc called brass
source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brass

Click to expand...

its copper that has this antibacteria function, if we talk about alloy its becouse they need different look of it, and they add other metals to copper which needs to be at least 60 % in alloyOne thing I noticed about vans in different continents are their distinctive shape and design doesn't matter what company makes them.

Which type of van has the best look?

Asian

Toyota Hi-Ace


















Nissan Urvan









American

Ford Econoline









Chevrolet Chevy Van









European

Mercedes SprinterManila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!oh weird. never noticed that. i like the toyota one.PORTLAND » Public TransportHere's one note, North American countries especially US, Canada and Mexico don't have or use the Japanese vans particularly the Toyota Hi-Ace and the Nissan Urvan. Jamaica on the other hand if one of the few countries in the Western Hemisphere that uses it. 

On the other hand, you can find all three type in most Asian countries.Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!I like this renaultAmerican, Dodge Sprinter


















American, Ford Transit (I'm not sure if its sold in all U.S. states)H o n o l u l u*​Hawaii​Hey, you're right...

once thing I always noticed was that the Asian Van (Hi-Ace, etc) is everywhere...and they pretty much look the same....

only recently have you started to see changes...

you are also correct that the noses of European, North Am, and Asian Vans are different in size and shape...

I think I prefer the latest Asian and European vans over the north american ones

ps. how are you looking at these vans? Fleet vehicles? I suppose minvans and other vans designed for the passenger market (eg. Toyota Alphard) are not included....

Cheers, mFollow TRANSIT - the Association for the Improvement of Mass-Transit

w. http://transitmy.org
e. [email protected]
tw. http://twitter.com/transitmy
Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/pages/TRANSIT-Malaysia/112392362108880icracked said:



American, Dodge Sprinter

Click to expand...

Some of these companies will design their vans for the specific region.

The Ford Transit despite being an American company has most of these vans in Europe.

Mercedes for example has vans specifically for the Asia-Pacific region like the MB-100 which is Korean manufactured.










Also the Euro release of the Toyota Hi-Ace is different compared to its Asia-Pacific counterpartManila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!Asian and European vans over the American ones.My Travel BlogI prefer European ones, and SOME Asian...

These are some of the mostly panel van types that are available in South Africa. The passenger range is much more extensive:I have a good mind to ring Paris Hilton. I reckon she'd be gropable if she knew what a bunch of airheads are running her motel.Mercedes Sprinter!Commonwealth and United States. 628
​More ones available in South AfricaI have a good mind to ring Paris Hilton. I reckon she'd be gropable if she knew what a bunch of airheads are running her motel.Seriously, you could at least have chosen cuter American vans. These ones are not even produced anymore today...Is this an Asian Van, or a European one?
The picture is of the Benito Juarez International 
Airport in Mexico City.WANCH said:



Here's one note, North American countries especially US, Canada and Mexico don't have or use the Japanese vans particularly the Toyota Hi-Ace and the Nissan Urvan. Jamaica on the other hand if one of the few countries in the Western Hemisphere that uses it.

Click to expand...

The entire caribbean uses them in large numbers, actually, save for the likes of Cuba, the Bahamas, and the US virgin islands(plus Puerto Rico, which is technically a part of the US).

My personal preference leans to European/Asian vans. I have a thing for the asian ones, but I like the European vans just as much. I have a hard time picking between the two groups.Check out my Flickr account!
hotostream:ChicagoFan said:



Is this an Asian Van, or a European one?
The picture is of the Benito Juarez International 
Airport in Mexico City.


Click to expand...

That's a Toyota HiAce, thus putting it in the Asian category.

http://www.toyota.com.mx/modelos_specs/hiace/interior_hiace.aspxCheck out my Flickr account!
hotostream:I prefer European vans. Then Asian.Leuven | Antwerp | Amsterdam | Bruges | Gent | Brussels | Chicago | Costa Rica | Vasai  | Bombayicracked said:



American, Dodge Sprinter


















American, Ford Transit (I'm not sure if its sold in all U.S. states)









Click to expand...

There's a technicality here-both of those vans are actually European. The Transit is sold by ford in Europe(and the rest of the world) as it wasn't designed for the American market. In the US, we get the E-Series(Econoline) as a result. The Dodge Sprinter is actually just a rebadged and imported Mercedes Benz Sprinter, and thus technically can't be called American either.



shadyunltd said:



Seriously, you could at least have chosen cuter American vans. These ones are not even produced anymore today...

Click to expand...

Technically the are-they've only been slightly updated.

Here is what the two American vans showed in the first post(the Ford E-Series and the Chevy Express) look like as of 2008:



















No major difference, really, at least as far as aesthetics go.Check out my Flickr account!
hotostream:i like american's.Limp Bizkit - Hot Dog [Live @ Finsbury park - London]​http://www.last.fm/user/activista/​www.warpedtourmexico.com www.myspace.com/warpedtourmexico​My upcoming concerts: Iron maiden 24-feb foro sol park, Justice 29-mar roots magic, Ozzfest 2008 Korn ozzy osbourne black label society 8 abril foro sol park​I never see those Asian vans, so I can't judge. 

The European ones look at little better, because I'm too used to the American ones here.SkyscraperCity SOOMAALIYAIts nice that there are different kind of vans on different continents. Makes the world more interesting.The Flat Earth Society has members all around the globe. Join now.A comprehensive, powerful , easy-to-use , fully integrated and cost effective Real Estate software to Manage All Real Estate Business Activities.For any size of business (Large, Medium or Small).

Property Management: Adding all the details of the different properties (Tower, Apartment, Villa, Office, shop, store, Showroom, land , etc.) and attach photos and files related.
Contact Management : Adding all the details of the persons (Tenant, Seller, Buyer, Landlord ,Investor, Companies, suppliers, Brokers, etc.) and attach photos and files related.
Contract management: Create and print Different Contracts (Rental, Sales, Purchase, Brokerage) , follow-up and re-scheduling of installments , termination, renewal of contracts.
Cheque Management: Follow-up all cheques transactions starting from receiving cheques , submit to bank , clear or return the cheques .
Expenses: Entering all expenditure ( general or related to properties) , generate the profit and loss for each tower or property during any period.
Collection Management: Generate , Print and collect the bills of different fees (electricity bills, water bills, cooling bills, maintenance bills, etc.).
Maintenance management: Adding and follow up maintenance complaints relating to each property.
Reporting : The software contains a list of reports can serve all sections and departments of the company, including: –
Leasing Statement : a detailed report of all rented units, Contract Start & end date, Rent Value , Paid amount and remaining amount for each property during any period of time.
Contracts End Dates : a detailed list of all the contracts that will expire during the period , for example: During 30 days from now.
Uncollected Installments : a detailed list of all uncollected installments related to each property with tenant details for quick contact.
Building Occupancy Status : a detailed list of all units status in the building with the total number of vacancies and occupancy.
Customer Statement : a detailed report of all paid and the remaining amounts for each Customer.
Availability List : a detailed report of all available units.
Receipts Reports: summary and detailed reports of total amounts received in cash or cheques or bank transfer for each unit in any period.
Expenses Reports: summary and detailed reports of total amounts paid in cash or cheques or bank transfer as general expenses or related to properties in any period.
Received Cheques: a detailed report of all cheques received for each unit in any period.
Bounced Cheques: a detailed report of all bounced cheques related to units in any period.
Issued Cheques: a detailed report of all issued checks related to units in any period.
Accounting Reports , Balance sheet generating , Trail Balance , and Profit and Loss reports .
Reports Design: Ability to create accounting reports through the software and saving it as template for future , example :- ( Generating Balance sheets , Profit and loss reports for each Project , tower or property.
Alerts and Notifications System by e-mail or SMS , including (contract renewal alerts, Delayed Installments alerts, cheques be collected alerts, Bounced cheques alert expired Documents and company licenses alerts , etc.).
Fully Integrated Financial System
Archiving System: archive all images and files relating to persons , properties, contracts , accounts, personnel and others.
Police Cases and Legal Cases with legal expenses and lawyer fees related to each case.
Security and Administration : create an unlimited number of users and control the privileges of each user.
Access the Software from anywhere in the world through Windows / Internet browser / Mobile.
Ability to Import Contacts and Properties detail from excel.
Available in Arabic and English.
http://befalcon.com/falconpro/its a Dodge Power WagonGet SmartDidn't know we had SSUVs back then.
Really cool video.

I wonder how much MPG it gets... :lol:Wow, that is pretty cool, in a weird scary sort of way.MPG or gallons-per-mile?All opinions are my own and not my employer's (or anyone else's).ITS A HOUSE!CITY/ INDUSTRYMy jaw dropped when that thing actually moved lol.jarbury said:



MPG or gallons-per-mile?

Click to expand...

eDiT?davsot said:



Remember I'm in the US lol.

Here we do MPG

Click to expand...

i think it was a joke...SEND IT BACK MAN! THAT MUST BE LIKE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY BUMPS.
COME ON GUYS!!! WE NEED TO OBJECTIFY MORE WOMEN!!!OMG That's huge O.OCláudio Pinto​
Isto sim é uma assinatura...!WTF?I want one!! :lol:

But seriously its enormous indeed...It's called a "hauler" - "Caterpillar heavy hauler mining trucks." Used in the Canadian oil industry. Not really a pick-up... but probably the biggest truck available.The bare minimum of what **all** BRT & LRT stations ought to look like: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA4IR7PvO6I .....adrimm said:



It's called a "hauler" - "Caterpillar heavy hauler mining trucks." Used in the Canadian oil industry. Not really a pick-up... but probably the biggest truck available.

Click to expand...

It definitely isn't a pick-up, but it's really cool.
By the way there's a new "F" version of that truck and, by some dimensions, the Liebherr T282B results "bigger". The T282B has a more powerful engine option too.
It depends on what do you mean by "biggest truck available". 

Here you can see the technical specifications of the Cat and some competitors:

Cat 797B
Liebherr T282B
Komatsu 960E"Find all you need in your mind , if you take the time"A six-car garage for those:that Cat :uh:AIRAFRIQUE​
✈✈✈​Re

Very good discussion and analysis; real sensible.I think you could try runescape gold and runescape.You could get some interesting thing in itadrimm said:



It's called a "hauler" - "Caterpillar heavy hauler mining trucks." Used in the Canadian oil industry. Not really a pick-up... but probably the biggest truck available. 
















Click to expand...

nice!

there are some the like in ChinaMy Flickr photosWow, that truck is massive!Make your day...

www.therandomday.com:uh:AIRAFRIQUE​
✈✈✈​adrimm said:



It's called a "hauler" - "Caterpillar heavy hauler mining trucks." Used in the Canadian oil industry. Not really a pick-up... but probably the biggest truck available. 
















Click to expand...

This one is biggest: Belaz 75710Chinese villagers are becoming richer and richer
many villagers become rich overnight coz they sell their land to the government
and a lot city guys envy them a lot

with the urbanization of Chinese population, a lot of poor villages will disappear or be abandomed. For the rest villages, the government launches "new countryside" movement, which make many villages beautiful and a lot of villagers move into new houses.

the following are some pics of villages in China, more and more Chinese villages will become like these:too be continuedesolve said:











Click to expand...

I like this.It reminds me on Austria.suvi genije, ww87, vlada_Ilina_h2o, vladygark, milos.tro and 10 others liked this postIt reminds me on Austria.Impressive!Why can't people just think? (Sherlock)But what is the infrastructure?Those are really great villages. Thanks for the pics. I like the use of solar panels on top of the roofs too. Not only are solar panels safer, they get to save on energy bills too.Find out more why we have the best  Building Design in Adelaide .Chinese villagers becoming richer? Where do you get that? China has one of the largest wealth inequalities in the world, majority of its population still lives in virtual poverty and don't benefit in the slightest. Corruption is through the roof and over 60% of all Chinese millionairesses have already or plan to immigrate within the next 2 years, because they fear what these villagers might do (i.e. revolt and re nationalize). I love pictures but I hate PROPAGANDA.

This looks like a state propaganda post. I mean what else could it be?alesmarv said:



Chinese villagers becoming richer? Where do you get that? China has one of the largest wealth inequalities in the world, majority of its population still lives in virtual poverty and don't benefit in the slightest.

Click to expand...

No. They benefit a lot. They get richer from a very low level to a still low level, which is much lower than what the rich have, but much better than what they had before.


alesmarv said:



Corruption is through the roof

Click to expand...

Meaning that many of the people who do get rich do so not by some honest business but by some sort of abuse of office. Still does not change the fact that the poor are also getting richer.The valley is sight seeing and creating opportunity for the poor.Life is fun, so enjoy...alesmarv said:



Chinese villagers becoming richer? Where do you get that? China has one of the largest wealth inequalities in the world, majority of its population still lives in virtual poverty and don't benefit in the slightest. Corruption is through the roof and over 60% of all Chinese millionairesses have already or plan to immigrate within the next 2 years, because they fear what these villagers might do (i.e. revolt and re nationalize). I love pictures but I hate PROPAGANDA.

This looks like a state propaganda post. I mean what else could it be?

Click to expand...


you should go to China to have a lookI have never visited China, but one of my known person said that China is beautiful country because of the nature Allah has gifted China with. I am working hardly to visit China and to spend some time there. Do not forget to pray for me.HD Wallpapers JPGabiabiah said:



I have never visited China, but one of my known person said that China is beautiful country because of the nature Allah has gifted China with. I am working hardly to visit China and to spend some time there. Do not forget to pray for me.

Click to expand...

god bless you!abiabiah said:



I have never visited China, but one of my known person said that China is beautiful country because of the nature Allah has gifted China with. I am working hardly to visit China and to spend some time there. Do not forget to pray for me.

Click to expand...

as a native chinese, i will say the most best place to visit is Lijiang and Dali ancient towns of Yunnan province.项羽问：怎么样？
骑兵们敬佩地回答：和大王说的一样！So, I know there is so much speculation about safety in transportation services. Another Uber driver got arrested for sexual assault. A Boston woman reported her driver "indecently touched her several times" last month, according to the Boston Police Department. 

I've heard lately such incidents that seem frighteningly common now. I don't know why I don't remember such cases as mentioned above the taxi service, I'm not so sure if it's because Uber became very famous in so little time, or if it is actually a taxi services strategy to eliminate the competency.

Particularly, I know some alternative private transport services. Ones I booked for a boston airport shuttle, I'm not so sure if this is different from Uber drivers, but the service I got it was really good. 

Concerns over Uber safety are troubling—and the company hasn’t always seemed to take its riders’ concerns seriously. But there’s little to suggest that the newest form of ridesharing is significantly riskier than the old one.

What do you think about it?Just another important fact, I remember that the Mexico City was the first city to regulate Uber in Latin America in 2015, and this was because taxis groups tumble out against the company.My opinion, at least, from the Netherlands, is that normal taxis are no safer than Uber's in the cities they operate (including Amsterdam). And for price-quality I highly disrecommend normal taxi's. Ten kilometers normally cost about 30-35 euro's.

Sexual harrassment is very common in the Netherlands in urban taxi's, as well as violent threats. Alberto Stegeman, a journalist who researches on criminal activities has found some disturbing activities in taxi's a few years ago.Local transition of Herself ongoing, development flourishing. Finished: whenever she thinks it is.What's the average age for somebody in your country to start driving (assuming they drive)? This is not necessarily the same as the legal driving age.

In the U.S., most states allow you to drive at 16, and at my high school, most kids were driving to school by the time they were 17. I started driving the summer between my junior and senior (final) year of high school, at about 17.75 years, and was one of the very last to start driving to school.

It seems like a 16- or 17-year old driving to school in Europe would be very rare, but it seems common in much of the U.S.You can get your driver's license no earlier than at the age of 18 in Europe. However, car prices are artificially kept high, so it's not really affordable for most students to have a car. I had my first car when I was 18 though. 

A lot of people get their driver's license at the age of 18 or 19, but they usually do not buy a car for a couple of years.highway photography @ FlickrChrisZwolle said:



You can get your driver's license no earlier than at the age of 18 in Europe.

Click to expand...

That is incorrect. You can get your licence here at the age of 17(for cars),but you cant leave the country with it.It becomes international only at 18.Hungarian motorways Hungarian railways
Budapest constructions&updates Budapest metro M4
Pictures about
Sopron,Szeged,Veszprém,Debrecen,Keszthely,Lake Balaton,
Touristy and not-touristy BudapestMost kids in the Netherlands take a scooter when they're 16, your allowed to if you want.
Because they have to wait 2 more years (18) before they can buy or even own a car.
That's why they want to make new rules in the Netherlands. 
This new rules include that kids can buy or own a car when they become 17. 
I don't know what the current status is of those rules, but I believe that this will become a new rule in 2010 or 2011. 

Does anybody know more about that? Getting a car when your 17 in the Netherlands?
I also think those new rules included that you should drive with someone who has it's drivers license for over ?? years."ChrisZwolle said:



You can get your driver's license no earlier than at the age of 18 in Europe.

Click to expand...

17 in the UK, I first drove a car around a field owned by my grandfather when I was 16, had my first drive on the road on my 17th birthday and passed my test 3 months later.

I didn't have a car of my own but my parents insured me for their second car.

17-18 year-old students driving to school was very rare, almost unheard of, most kids walked even if they could drive as there was no parking for them. Once I got to university I knew a couple of students with cars but 90%+ didn't have one and just walked/cycled or took buses, taxis and trains. These days I think it's more common though from what I hear, I left university over ten years ago.I would say 50% of the people in Spain get the driving licence at the age of 18. It's not allowed before and you have the largest summer holidays then (school classes finish in early June and university doesn't start until October). My driving school was full of people of the same age when I got it.

The most common strategy was to pass the theory exam (I think now you have to get 27 correct answers out of 30 questions) before the examiners go on holidays (it was the whole August). This way you had driving lessons during August (I used to pay €21 for 45 min. but now I have heard they are close to €30) and you go to the driving exam in early September.

This strategy wasn't fine for me since I was born in September, so I was a couple of months delayed. 

People who go to driving school later tend to spend far more time to get the licence, since they start working/studying.

In my high school nobody went to classes driving but in my university half of the students used to drive (campus is located in the outskirts and not very well connected). Now in Madrid, almost nobody drive to the campus since it's well connected by public transport.Guía para visitar Asturias​^^ When I passed my test there was no theory exam :banana: It was introduced a couple of years later.

In the UK you can learn to drive with anybody who has had a driving licence for a few years, five I think, you don't have to pay for lessons if you don't want. I used to have one paid lesson every two weeks but went out driving with my mother or father several times in between. I heard that in some countries you can't do this, it must be very expensive to pass a test if that's the case.In New Zealand? They have a "graduated driving licence test" which has multiple stages.

Stage 1: Learners obtained at age 15. Most of the population does this bang on 15 and all you need to take is a simple multi-choice test of 20 questions and get 17 right. 

With a learners licence you can drive with passengers as long as someone in the front seat has a full licence for over 2 years. You must display a yellow L plate with a black L written on it in the top left of your front windscreen and top right of your rear windscreen. You are on your learners licence for 6 months.

Stage 2: Restricted licence. Once you have been on your learners licence for 6 months you are allowed to take a proper driving test. There is no requirement of minimum driving experience or number of lessons taken. You can take the test in an automatic or manual car. 

The restricted licence means you can drive alone between the hours of 6:00 and 22:00 and with passengers at any time if someone in the front seat has held a full licence for over 2 years.

You are on the restricted licence for 18 months, however, this time can be reduced to 12 months if you sit a "defensive driving course" which involves attending one lesson with the Automobile Association.

Stage 3: Full licence. After 18 (or 12) months you can sit another test for your full licence. This test requires more from the driver than the restricted (but is still dead easy).

With a full licence, it doesn't matter if you take the test in an automatic or a manual car as a full licence allows you to drive either kind even if you didn't take your test in a manual unlike most countries. 

A full licence has no restrictions on it.


So you see, lots of people can have their full driving licence at the age of 16.5 here, and many do! Far too young, far to reckless and far too much freedom too soon. No wonder the crash rate in young males is so high...The Life of Svartmetall - a photo thread
YouTube ChannelJonesy55 said:



In the UK you can learn to drive with anybody who has had a driving licence for a few years, five I think, you don't have to pay for lessons if you don't want.

Click to expand...

Even in motorways or what kind of roads are allowed? I had heard of this but I don't know hoy it exactly works. They wanted to introduce something similar here but it's forbidden so far. Anyway everybody go to practice with his father to some rural roads, but it's not the same.



Jonesy55 said:



I heard that in some countries you can't do this, it must be very expensive to pass a test if that's the case.

Click to expand...

It was around €100 of exam fares plus 30€ per driving class (most of the people take around 10-20 classes). So €400-€600 in total. It's usually the present given by parents for finishing the secundary studies.Guía para visitar Asturias​^^ Not on motorways, in fact you can't even go on motorways with a professional instructor. But you can drive on any other road with a parent or other qualified person, I used to drive around town and practice reverse parking, turning etc on suburban streets.

I've always thought that it's a flaw in the system, you can't go on motorways at all until you've passed your test but after that you are free to use them on your own with no experience, you just have to teach yourself.Stifler said:



It was around €100 of exam fares plus 30€ per driving class (most of the people take around 10-20 classes). So €400-€600 in total. It's usually the present given by parents for finishing the secundary studies.

Click to expand...

That's not too bad, I heard about some countries where it might cost more like €1500, The Netherlands maybe. :dunno:^^ Yeah, that's about the amount of money I spend on my driver's license. And I didn't fail one time and I was quicker than average. I got 24 lessons, while the average is 40.

Exam fare was about € 180 3 years ago. € 35 - 40 per lesson, additional costs are theory exam, and not least, getting the actual license at the municipality (€ 50 in Zwolle, NL)highway photography @ FlickrJonesy55 said:



I've always thought that it's a flaw in the system, you can't go on motorways at all until you've passed your test but after that you are free to use them on your own with no experience, you just have to teach yourself.

Click to expand...

Indeed. I remember the first time I drive through a motorway with the instructor. It was like if I was driving a F1...  People should experience that in practice lessons.



Jonesy55 said:



That's not too bad, I heard about some countries where it might cost more like €1500, The Netherlands maybe

Click to expand...

Well, that's price if you pass everthing at the first time. If you fail (something usual in the driving exam, not that much in the theory one) you have to pay the taxes again, pay mandatory driving lessons... I know some people who had +40 classes and spent around €2,000.



ChrisZwolle said:



Yeah, that's about the amount of money I spend on my driver's license. And I didn't fail one time and I was quicker than average. I got 24 lessons, while the average is 40.

Exam fare was about € 180 3 years ago. € 35 - 40 per lesson, additional costs are theory exam, and not least, getting the actual license at the municipality (€ 50 in Zwolle, NL)

Click to expand...

Damn. Collapsed motorways, ecologists and NIMBYs everywhere, the most expensive petrol in the EU and now the most expensive licence. How are there still so many motorway-freaks in the Netherlands?Guía para visitar Asturias​The interesting fact in my country is that even though legal age is with 18 years, a lot of people learn before 18 to drive, and just get licence with 18. Of course they don't drive until 18, or some do but just get in risk to be stopped by police.=MNE=In my state of the US, the government restricts driving for kids under 18 (no driving between 11pm and 5am unless for working, can't have more than one other teen in car without adult over 20, and you have to do some expensive drivers education, among others), so it really isn't very advantageous for them to drive. A lot of the laws were created when a bunch of deadly teen accidents happened statewide.

When I was younger, I didn't know much kids who had their licenses at 16, let alone their own car. Personally, I got a license at 18 when all the restrictions are lifted, and you can just easily get it. With the much higher insurance rates and restrictions, it really isn't worth it to get it early anyway, IMO.SkyscraperCity SOOMAALIYAMales: between 16-18

Females: between 20-22▪Bahria Icon Tower ▪ [PK] Motorways & Highways ▪Stifler said:



Indeed. I remember the first time I drive through a motorway with the instructor. It was like if I was driving a F1...  People should experience that in practice lessons.

Click to expand...

Move here. 1 hour of motorway,1 hour of night and 1 hour of county road driving is obligatory. I had all at once...it was freightening,driving on a 3-lane road,everyone going past with high speeds,at night...besides,I only had time after school,and my practice lessons were in winter...I had this in a bit of snowy weather.Hungarian motorways Hungarian railways
Budapest constructions&updates Budapest metro M4
Pictures about
Sopron,Szeged,Veszprém,Debrecen,Keszthely,Lake Balaton,
Touristy and not-touristy BudapestIn Denmark the minimums age is 18, but you can start taking your licence at 17, so most start at 17-18 years of age..FREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​15 in alberta to get your learners for a year than 16

BC is and the rest of Canada is 16 but varies from province to province as far as what you get

In BC you get your learners "L" and there are restrictions - than after that period you get your "N" and there are fewer restrictions than I think that lasts 2 years and you can get your normal license which lasts 5 years and than must be renewed - usually you just go and get a new photo - as you get older they make make you do a road testbelow it allIn Venezuela it depends on the type of licence one needs:

For :


1º Licenses (non-motor vehicles): 14 (bicycles) - 16 years old (animal traction vehicles).

2º Licenses (motorcycles): 16 (up to 80 cc motors) - 18 years old (any cc motor).

3º Licenses (cars, small trucks & buses - 9 passangers/2.5 Ton): 16 (with some restrictions) - 18 years old.

4º Licenses (trucks, buses - 12 passangers/6 Ton): 21 years old.

5º Licenses (trucks, buses - >12 passangers/9 Ton): 25 years old.

6º Licenses/also called "Professional Licenses" (any kind of vehicles - dangerous loads, any tonnage, any size, etc): 30 years old.

(Land Transport Law - Chapter III - in Spanish): http://ve.vlex.com/vid/41410064 )









































































.HELP SAVE CATATUMBO MARSHLANDS - VENEZUELA: NATURE´S OWN OZONE FACTORY, MORE THAN A MILLION LIGHTNINGS A YEAR PRODUCING 10% OF THE WORLD´S OZONE​AYUDA A SALVAR A LAS CIÉNAGAS DEL CATATUMBO EN VENEZUELA: LA FABRICA DE OZONO DE LA MADRE NATURALEZA, MAS DE UN MILLÓN DE RELÁMPAGOS AL AÑO PRODUCIENDO 10% DEL OZONO DEL PLANETA​Taxi Cabs are facing trouble with other transportation agencies because of them special services, better rates and other benefits. 

This isn't only a local news, it's actually happening in many US cities and even around the world, and it's also making all taxi cab drivers a headache since a couple years.

The reality is that here in NYC (as in other cities), taxi drivers are facing a trouble and a hard competition for new customers nowadays. One more time, technology defies real life while reservation platforms like shuttles to jfk or apps like famous Uber for moving around are offering easy bookings, private services, and cheaper rates. That is definitely taking a huge advantage over trying to find a taxi cab at street.

John Miller, a local taxi driver since 30 years says: "It has been tough days since competition appears, you know, Uber, Lyft, Shuttles... we're trying to fight against technology and what tourists and customers think. Old-fashioned and expensive services, they say, and yes, their smartphone solves almost everything but it stills not being the same".

It seems like time and money saving is all what customers want, but there are other facts aspects safety that private transportation services offer like the drivers information, pre -established routes, type of vehicle and its plates.

It is worthy to consult the average or estimated cost of the private transportation services and taxi cabs here in Sacramento before taking a decision. We also need to analyze how the transportation costs (like gasoline, insurance and wear and tear) are nowadays. hno:So called 'industrial upgrading' lol


mean what they done on trying heal the headacheVery interesting, this business about different kinds of transportation is not stopping.The world lately is in a hype of the development of a new technological breakthrough in transportation field, prominent companies like Apple, Google, Tesla, Mercedes-Benz, etc are in the race to deliver the best and functional: Driverless Cars.

The development of Driverless Cars employs so many frontier technology; robotics, radar, lidar, GPS, odometry, computer vision, advanced control system, space sensing, etc. New ideas of how a car should be able to behave are also tried to be implemented, for example design of wheels that can rotate 90 degrees so a car can maneuvers to its side directly to escape a congestion.

Despite being progressive in terms of technological advancement and product design, the true nature of the invention and development of Driverless Cars tend to be conservative.

It is still the same old anarchic method of mobility; where perception, judgement, and decision making are separated to a lot of brains, either to the brains of the drivers like today or to the brains of the cars later.

It can be good when all cars are Smart Driverless Cars and they are communicating with each other to decide together what would be the best for the overall mobility, the entirety of cars in an area becomes a big single-minded computer system.

But then again it is conservative in regard to the space required per single person's mobility. Personal cars method of transportation relies heavily on the abundant availability of space, namely roads, while space itself are more and more precious for the whole society as the number of population increases.

It is conservative because it is not providing chance and solutions of mobility for the greater population of human race. It is not solving societal problems nor advances their life, it only address the problem of a handful of people that are able to buy the car.

A Driverless Car is still a car and no more than a car, just a luxurious one.

***

However, we are aware that, in a societal construction like we have today, the development of the Driverless Cars are inevitable and required to advances the technologies further, to master them so one day they can be utilised for more progressive means. In a society like ours, technology will only develops where money are invested and there will no investment without promise of profit. That is just the consequences of capitalistic mode of production.

http://www.spcwrks.com/2016/01/praise-to-driverless-cars.htmlwww.spcwrks.com
Spaceworks Incubatorium:
Architecture, urbanism, and various other nonsensical matters.I am really interested in seeing where all of this goes and if it reduces accidents due to human errors.In Brussels, tunnels are in need of repairs, but the repairs ground to halt.

The reason? The tunnels do not have drawings, because these have been eaten by mice.

How common is it for architectural drawings to not exist for such reasons?The most interesting case I know is that of Sagrada Familia, whose plans and models were destroyed during the civil war. The construction process ever since has based upon what could be, basically, a very thorough version of the "educated guess".Commieblocks of Romania / of FranceI have never heard of such thing, honestlyNot really. Well in fact never.I agree with @somepoppaI have no idea about it.India tour packages | Golden Triangle Tour With Amritsar |Rajasthan TourHi eveyone!I found this forum because i need help for searching a book,i can't did it well by myself and i don't understand why.Maybe it's because i wrote something wrong in google,or because i trying to find this book using(mostofall) my native Russian/Ukrainian language.However i still want to find this book,or perhaps its should be an enciclopedia.

The book in which describes whole history of roads during mankind existence.With all details,how humans made roads,what technics are they used.How are we came to modern,i suppose perfect roads?

Maybe it should be named like "Evolution of roads",or even "Bible of roads" i dont know)).I will appriciate every information,especially names of books.Before cars roads were just foot paths of various widths"BEFORE WE MARRY...I HAVE A SECRET!"

I <3 Londonposhbakerloo said:



Before cars roads were just foot paths of various widths

Click to expand...

Agree hahaha! :nuts: FlinstonesDo u got ISBN or any real info？
Still is it possible to be 
The history of roads; from amber route to motorway.
Hermann Schreiber 1920- c1961Really, I have no idea about it.India tour packages | Golden Triangle Tour With Amritsar |Rajasthan TourI know Brazil is one of them....








http://sobuzao.blogspot.com.br/2011/03/explicacao-do-que-e-um-onibus.html

like this...








http://veiculo.mercadolivre.com.br/...-com-ar-e-motor-dianteiro-caio-apache-vip-_JMsão paulo rodoanel highway  | Marisa Monte | 21 guns | Holyday | Boulevard of broken dreams | IS-2

Highcliff supports strongly this threadNorth American schoolbuses are nearly always front-engined, though other types of buses are almost never. 








http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/School_bus

It's rather odd that inter-city buses are never front engined, when you think about it. It would allow them to be slightly more aerodynamic, and the placement outside of the cabin could reduce noise inside. Probably something to do with bus terminal layouts.

Edit: I'll clarify that I was thinking of the American-truck style when I wrote this, where the engine is set physically in front of the cabin. It seems as though many coach buses are actually front-engined.There were lots of front engined LiAZ-677 buses on russian roads just about ten years ago.









Nowadays ukrainian made Bogdan(Isuzu engine) buses are popular

















I suppose all small-size buses and lots of mid-size are front engine

For example these russian PAZ buses:
The old 3205








and new 3204https://www.google.com/url?q=http:/...ds-cse&usg=AFQjCNGkBfHVwgN8OjMMRHgJFSd1hpYyDwFIFA World Cup 2018 RUSSIA thread
2018 FIFA World Cup Stadium Ekaterinburg threadthank you for posting...but I am refering about 12 or 13-meter length buses...for example this in são paulo....








http://www.revistaportaldoonibus.co...age.php?album=147&pid=11831#top_display_mediasão paulo rodoanel highway  | Marisa Monte | 21 guns | Holyday | Boulevard of broken dreams | IS-2

Highcliff supports strongly this threadThat 3205 is awesome. 

What exactly is the point of these front-engine buses, where the engine sits inside the cabin? Isn't having the big dog-house (engine cover) right there kind of a waste of space?He Named Thor said:



That 3205 is awesome. 

What exactly is the point of these front-engine buses, where the engine sits inside the cabin? Isn't having the big dog-house (engine cover) right there kind of a waste of space?

Click to expand...

They are cheaper. That's about their only advantage. They have many disadvantages though, which is why most modern buses have their engines in the back.I like this thread.In India majorly FE (front engine) trucks and buses are used...It would allow them to be slightly more aerodynamic, and the placement outside of the cabin could reduce noise inside. Probably something to do with bus terminal layouts.sdhwadfk said:



It would allow them to be slightly more aerodynamic, and the placement outside of the cabin could reduce noise inside. Probably something to do with bus terminal layouts.

Click to expand...

How does putting the engine in the back prevent a bus from being more aerodynamic?

The big disadvantage of putting the engine in the front is that you need to run a shaft all the way to the back to drive the rear wheels. That means you can't put in a low floor. You only see front engined buses where cost trumps all other concerns, so that must be their only advantage. You don't see a lot of front engined buses in Europe for example.Front engine is used in india, Mostly buses and truck are used in front engine.India tour packages | Golden Triangle Tour With Amritsar |Rajasthan TourI reckon defence (or in America "defense") can be considered as infrastructure. Although not as large as a lot of militaries around the world, 
the South African defence force is still a super power on African soil....Young South African air force fighter hopefulls.....probably 3 or 4 of these guys/gals will get chosen as figher pilots on the SAAB Gripens and BAE Hawks







































Pilatus Trainer Aircraft...South Africa still produces some world class military products. Still a world leader (or right up there with the best) in artillery sytems....

Images courtesy of Denel




























A Darter 5th generation Air-Air Missile....to be integrated onto the Gripen










Mokopa long range (+ 5km ) anti tank missile...










Ingwe medium range laser guided anti tank weapon...










Seeker II spy/target unmanned drone. Plans are in place to produce a much bigger and capable version - Seeker 400. 










Skua Target drone - used to test the effectiveness of air to air and 
surface to air missilesVery cool pics!Bateleur UAV...

Proposed new medium- long range UAV. Funding is holding development back....



















Roles and Missions

Real-time day and night (E/O and IR) surveillance 
Electronic and Communications Intelligence gathering (ELINT and COMINT) 
Airborne communications relay 
Military and paramilitary photo reconnaissance 
Target location and laser designation 
Maritime and coastal patrol 
Border patrol 
Search and rescue 
Battlefield surveillance 
Artillery fire support 
Damage assessmentHelicopter pilot in training....Survival Training.....

All candidates have to get through survival.....










H.U.E.T (Helicopter Underwater Escape Training)










Parasailing 










Drills










Out at sea



















Flare and pyrotechnic training










Coastal Survival (Capture during Escape and Evade)










Land Survival



















Escape and Evade (being chased by a helicopter, trackers and dogs)




























Captured recruits










the end...Army Exercises...

Vulture UAV....Are you in a military, buddy? 



A Darter said:



I'm a 21yr old (black) South African studying engineering in Johannesburg, and plan on joining the air force as soon as I graduate.....

Click to expand...

Sorry, you are notMore Army Exercises.....














































Have no idea what they're doing here...A bit more.....

Teaching the ladies how to shoot straight.....

Yes, believe it or not, there are some white women (some of them quite hot) as qualified soldiers on the African soil.....South African Police Special Task Force

The Special Task Force is the most highly trained unit in the South African Police service. Their training is extreme (equal to or better than a lot of special forces around the world). Think it takes a year to qualify, and something like 1 in 50 make selection. These guys are only called in for high risk situations, but the unit was originally set up for hostage situations. In over 20 years of operation, they've never lost a hostage....:cheers:




























Their faces are sometimes blurred out or covered in official pictures due to the nature of work they do....I bet South African army is the best on the continent!Cool photos! I would like to see more pics of the JAS-Gripen of the SA Air Force.Manila X-Perience, My collection of images around Metro Manila

Representing The Pinoy Community here in SSC!^^....ok cool

4 BAE Hawks take off from 85 Combat Flying School - Limpopo Province (On the border with Zimbabwe)










3 Hawks and 2 Gripens










Helicopters over a bombing range during an exercise










2 Rooivalk attack helicopters










Oryx transport heli releasing decoy flares










9 Hawks in formation - 85 Combat School Limpopo Province










Last Cheetah formation in South African skies, before being retired to 
make way for the GripenJourney to be a fighter pilot.....

On average 1 in 1000 recruits make it as fighter pilots....0.1% :nuts:.

Step 1.....Pilatus trainer aircraft



















Step 2.....those with enough potential are put onto the BAE Hawks



















And finally....only the best of the best get a seat on the Gripen




























Some of the Gripen fighter pilots...the SAAF receives one Gripen every 6 months from SwedenSilver Falcons - Air Force daredevils

Air Force "stunt team".........Rooivalk attack helicopter.....

One of South Africa's most impressive engineering feats. Besides electronics, the Rooivalk is just as good (and better in a few cases) as the Apache...very impressiveRemember, the Ark was built by Amateurs; the Titanic by ProfessionalsBesides Google maps and Google street view, Google earth is one of most usefull tools i've found on internet. But there is one problem. While cities like New York and San Francisco are very well depicted, lot of smaller cities are depicted very poor. For example, i was watching Providence, Rhode Island, and there is not much to see. Ok, i said, Google earth is still work in progress and they still need some time in Google to sort things out. But, then i went watching Hong Kong, presuming it will be depicted good as New York. But i was surprised when i found out that city as big and important as Hong Kong is presented so poorely. There are few big skyscrapers, but it is nothing comparable to depiction of New York. Which surprises me..... When is Google going to improve this application?:cheers:Ivan the Immigrant said:



But, then i went watching Hong Kong, presuming it will be depicted good as New York. But i was surprised when i found out that city as big and important as Hong Kong is presented so poorely.

Click to expand...

Probably the chinese have their own google. Internet is not very well functioning in China, why spending money on new street views there ?

New York and Manhattan is probably one of the worlds most streetgoogled cities, so they tend to renew it frequently.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



Probably the chinese have their own google. Internet is not very well functioning in China, why spending money on new street views there ?

New York and Manhattan is probably one of the worlds most streetgoogled cities, so they tend to renew it frequently.

Click to expand...

I understand that. But it's not only Hong Kong. I was watching lot of other cities in United States, some of them not so small, and some of them in vicinity of New York, like City of Orange and Newark. They are also poorely depicted...:cheers:^^Well, i've just been in Providence, Rhode Island on Google Earth. It seems they improved. Now they cover it. When i was there last year, there wasn't much to see....:cheers:

...but if you want to see Hong Kong, you won't see much. Why spending so much money if Hong Kong is in China? They probably have their own Google Earth view. Yes, i understand that. But the problem is that we do not. We want to see China too. At least i do...., but it's so poor depicted....:cheers:

I also tried to see Shenzhen, but there is almost nothing...Ivan the Immigrant said:



^^Well, i've just been in Providence, Rhode Island on Google Earth. It seems they improved. Now they cover it. When i was there last year, there wasn't much to see....:cheers:

...but if you want to see Hong Kong, you won't see much. Why spending so much money if Hong Kong is in China? They probably have their own Google Earth view. Yes, i understand that. But the problem is that we do not. We want to see China too. At least i do...., but it's so poor depicted....:cheers:

I also tried to see Shenzhen, but there is almost nothing...

Click to expand...

Russia also has it's own yandex street view, so does China. I have seen it in another thread on this forum but I dont remember the internet address.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway station^^Yeah, well, thank you for giving me a tip. I will look for this sites....:cheers:Google map has been a really useful tool for me so far. Like you, I can't say the same thing about Google Earth. The results I get are really of poor quality that I decided not to try using it again after the first time. I do wish that it can be improved soon. It has lots of promise if it can be significantly improved.Find out more why we have the best  Building Design in Adelaide .Maybe if people are still interested to know the biggest chinese map websites are: 

Baidu: http://map.baidu.com/
They have the most completed maps. when looking for buildings or streets the searches yield far more results.

Tencent: http://map.qq.com/
They have a function like google streetview, this is my favorite chinese mapping service for exactly that reason.Visiting or living in the Pearl River Delta (GZ,SZ,HK,MC,ZH,DG)? Let me know, I am always up for a beer, a stroll around the CBDs or a hike with fellow skyscraper fans!KillerZavatar said:



Maybe if people are still interested to know the biggest chinese map websites are: 

Baidu: http://map.baidu.com/
They have the most completed maps. when looking for buildings or streets the searches yield far more results.

Tencent: http://map.qq.com/
They have a function like google streetview, this is my favorite chinese mapping service for exactly that reason.

Click to expand...

A few more Chinese online map services:

Sogou / Sohu: http://map.sogou.com

AutoNavi / Alibaba: http://amap.com

Tianditu: http://map.tianditu.com

ChinaSo: http://map.chinaso.comIvan the Immigrant said:



I understand that. But it's not only Hong Kong. I was watching lot of other cities in United States, some of them not so small, and some of them in vicinity of New York, like City of Orange and Newark. They are also poorely depicted...:cheers:

Click to expand...

It's not only these ones, but also major cities like Dubai, Sydney, Shanghai, Kuala Lumpur, and and and. I hope all of them will be covered soon.''There are 360 degrees, so why stick to one?'' - RIP Zaha Hadid​DubaiM said:



It's not only these ones, but also major cities like Dubai, Sydney, Shanghai, Kuala Lumpur, and and and. I hope all of them will be covered soon.

Click to expand...

For some reason Germany is still not covered by Google earth, except a few cities like Hamburg, Berlin, Munich and the Ruhr area. Austria is also not included.

Germany is an important 1st world country so it's strange that they didnt cover it yet. Other countries not covered are Albania, Byelorus and Moldova.The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



For some reason Germany is still not covered by Google earth, except a few cities like Hamburg, Berlin, Munich and the Ruhr area. Austria is also not included.

Germany is an important 1st world country so it's strange that they didnt cover it yet. Other countries not covered are Albania, Byelorus and Moldova.

Click to expand...

Are you talking about Google Street View? You'll have to thank the backward Austrian and German laws for that.

Anyway, HERE Maps was recently bought by a German conglomerate, so it's only a matter of time before Austria and Germany get street-level imagery.NordikNerd said:



For some reason Germany is still not covered by Google earth, except a few cities like Hamburg, Berlin, Munich and the Ruhr area. Austria is also not included.

Germany is an important 1st world country so it's strange that they didnt cover it yet. Other countries not covered are Albania, Byelorus and Moldova.

Click to expand...

What are those reasons ? I see when i was in germany that street view was not everywhere in the country .Ivan the Immigrant said:



^^Well, i've just been in Providence, Rhode Island on Google Earth. It seems they improved. Now they cover it. When i was there last year, there wasn't much to see....:cheers:

...but if you want to see Hong Kong, you won't see much. Why spending so much money if Hong Kong is in China? They probably have their own Google Earth view. Yes, i understand that. But the problem is that we do not. We want to see China too. At least i do...., but it's so poor depicted....:cheers:

I also tried to see Shenzhen, but there is almost nothing...

Click to expand...

You're going to love the recent update:

Hong Kong Fly Through - Google EarthLadefenseSkyline said:



What are those reasons ? I see when i was in germany that street view was not everywhere in the country .

Click to expand...

Unfortunately, street-level imagery for Austria and Germany is awfully limited due to weird privacy laws in those two countries.

The good news is that a very popular online map service, known as "HERE Maps", was recently bought by a German conglomerate, so it's only a matter of time before Austria and Germany get street-level imagery.Kutsuit said:



Unfortunately, street-level imagery for Austria and Germany is awfully limited due to weird privacy laws in those two countries.

Click to expand...

So why do these privacy laws not concern Hamburg, Hannover, Berlin, Munich,Dresden, Bremen, Frankfurt ??The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationNordikNerd said:



So why do these privacy laws not concern Hamburg, Hannover, Berlin, Munich,Dresden, Bremen, Frankfurt ??

Click to expand...

They do, which is precisely why Google hasn't updated the street-level imagery for those cities since 2010/2011. Google eventually got fed up with the stupid laws and decided to ignore the rest of Austria and Germany. By the way, the street-level imagery for the cities you mentioned is complete and utter rubbish. There are so many areas that are blurred out:



















uke:

I still can't figure out how looking at other people's homes is an "invasion of privacy" LOL. icard:

Anyway, now that the Germans own a rival to Google Maps in the form of HERE Maps, Austria and Germany should finally get proper street-level imagery.Ivan the Immigrant said:



^^Well, i've just been in Providence, Rhode Island on Google Earth. It seems they improved. Now they cover it. When i was there last year, there wasn't much to see....:cheers:

...but if you want to see Hong Kong, you won't see much. Why spending so much money if Hong Kong is in China? They probably have their own Google Earth view. Yes, i understand that. But the problem is that we do not. We want to see China too. At least i do...., but it's so poor depicted....:cheers:

I also tried to see Shenzhen, but there is almost nothing...

Click to expand...

Im agree!NordikNerd said:



Probably the chinese have their own google. Internet is not very well functioning in China, why spending money on new street views there ?

New York and Manhattan is probably one of the worlds most streetgoogled cities, so they tend to renew it frequently.

Click to expand...

Chinese "google", the Baidu.
They would never develop apps like google earth since those technologies helps little on selling counterfeit drugs

lol) I am wrong, Baidu got their duplicated google earth, nothing to say though.Not helpful at ALL.
sthyouknow:chuantu.biz/t3/18/1461117287x3738746535.pngFrom the sky to the sea, from the road to the railway, what is the best achievement currently (or the most recent) in each categories of locomotion in your country ? Only civilian vehicles, no military.


My country : FRANCE

Best plane : Airbus A380
Factory in Toulouse (Haute-Garonne)









https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Airbus_A380_blue_sky.jpg#file


Best train : High speed train AGV
Factory in La Rochelle (Charente-Maritime)









http://www.apci.asso.fr/realisation/1260


Best ship : Harmony of the Seas
Shipyard in Saint-Nazaire (Loire-Atlantique)









http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/travel_news/article-3594361/Harmony-Seas-Ultimate-Abyss-terrifying-thrill-ride.html


Best automobile : Bugatti Chiron
Factory in Molsheim (Bas-Rhin)









http://jalopnik.com/the-incredible-tech-in-the-new-bugatti-chiron-the-worl-1761998342


Best motorcycle : Midual Type 1
Factory in Angers (Maine-et-Loire) 


Midual Type 1 studija 2014. by AutoMotoPortal.HR, sur FlickrWhich country is the most successful military power in European history ?
The Second Book of General IgnoranceThere was something I was thinking about I'm sort of a fan about electric cars and would like to own one of them one day. 

Along with that I'm being a believer that the the world's oil supply is slowly shrinking. But I'm not one of those people who believe that the oil is going to run out over night and everyone thing is going to turn into the road warrior over night. Instead I think what will happen is gas will go up from say $4.00 a gallon where I live and steadily nibble it's way to $6.00 and eight dollars a gallon over the next four to eight years. I have also been to Italy and was horrified that they pay almost $9.00 US for a gallon of gas. This has given me the idea in that a electric car might be a good doomsday prep to prepare for not gas running out but it getting so costly you spend more on gas to drive to your job then you would make at your job. 

Another thing about electric cars is that the electric car maker Tesla said that they are now making over 500 new model S electric cars in a week at their factory in California and that they have posted their first profitable quarter for the first time ever. At the same time Nissan and their Nissan leaf have recently cut their cars prices by a few thousand dollars and they said sales for their electric car have doubled from last year and that they are selling anywhere from 1000 to 2000 of them a month now. A local car dealership in my area even has one that you can sit in start up or drive around depending on how serous you are at wanting to buy one. 

But at the same time these companies say they are doing not to badly and they so far are letting out thousands of electric cars a month on the roads I so far in my life have never seen one on the open highway or in a parking lot that was not at a science center.

But could there be places in Europe or in other cities where the sky high gas prices has started to trigger the electric cars to take over some areas they have become as common as gas powered cars. In that in my area I have never seen a electric car owned by someone driving it to the store or on the open road or it charging in public. But I've heard stories though that in some places in California the cars are so common that there are long lines at charger stations.Absolutely zero here.I've never seen one in person...The Life of Svartmetall - a photo thread
YouTube ChannelVery common. Some I have taken pictures of:


Tesla roadster by Inkooen, on Flickr


Tesla Roadster by Inkooen, on Flickr


Tesla Roadster by Inkooen, on Flickr


Tesla Roadster by Inkooen, on Flickr


Tesla Roadster by Inkooen, on Flickr


Tesla Roadster by Inkooen, on Flickr


Tesla Roadster by Inkooen, on Flickr

All in Oslo.There is only one in my city:

owned by Mitsubishi dealer 










It's price is around $60000 so those who can afford it don't care about fuel prices 
There is no way it becomes popular in Russia in next few yearsIn the US I have not really seen any electric cars or plug in hybrids. I think once the price of fuel increases and the costs to manufacture electric cars decrease you will see more of them on the roads, but right now they are still out of reach for the average consumer.*T E X A S* --PHOTO COLLECTION-- | Istanbul, Türkiye (Istanbul, Turkey) | København, Danmark (Copenhagen, Denmark) - Malmö, Sverige (Malmo, Sweden)​| Diablo234's Trip to Mexico | Central Europe Tour (Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary)  | Firenze, Italia (Florence, Italy)​
​One of my teachers in high school back in the 90s had one... which is the only one i can think of ever having seen.In Copenhagen it's still rare to see privately owned, but the municipal uses many and so does a lot of companies like the postal services and PT..

We currently have two nation wide charging systems for privates, one is based on automated battery change station and the other on quick charge stations.. but the low range of electrical cars are keeping people from buying cars despite the networks ( let's face it, who wants to recharge or swap battery every 100km )
Back in the 80's electrical vehicles were more common, especially the Danish made "Ellert" but as mentioned above these days it's primarily only companies and the municipals using them now..FREKI PRESENTS:
Denmark - Globetrekking
( HQ photothreads )​unheard of

no wait they said a few Nissan Leafs would be used as taxicabs in São Paulo, but then I never heard of that again.THREAD TO ACCESS ALL MY THREADS
BRAZIL URBAN TRANSPORT COMPILATION - full updates of all projects on first page!
BRAZIL GENERAL INFRASTRUCTURE - 
LINGUÍSTICA - CETICISMOThere are good few in Ireland, not too many but you can see one from time to time, the infrastructure for them is really improving as well, I mean there are charging points even in some villages, the town where I live (about 25,000 people) there are about 8 charging stations there in total, and the most common electric cars would be Nissan Leaf and Mistubishi iMiEVI have seen one or two Leafs driving about. I think TNT use an electric delivery truck about the centre of town. Oh and some milk is still delivered in electric milk floats in some places.Denmark I remember reading that Nissan sold several hundred to a 1000 leafs in one of the major cities there. 

I do remember a time a few years ago when the hybrid Prius was a very rare car but now every parking lot in my area always has a half dozen of them parked in it at one time.Ocean Railroader said:



Denmark I remember reading that Nissan sold several hundred to a 1000 leafs in one of the major cities there. 

I do remember a time a few years ago when the hybrid Prius was a very rare car but now every parking lot in my area always has a half dozen of them parked in it at one time.

Click to expand...

Are you sure you aren't thinking of Norway?

Norway Had the Most Nissan Leafs Sold Per Capita in 2012

Btw, don't mind Rune Haalands incredible patriotic explanation. The real reason EVs are so popular here is that buying and using conventional cars are so heavily taxed that EVs are the only thing many can afford to run comfortably.The Chevy/Vauxhall/Opel Volt/Ampera :lol: is the only electric car that can be labeled as a common electric car here in the Netherlands.Galro said:



Are you sure you aren't thinking of Norway?

Norway Had the Most Nissan Leafs Sold Per Capita in 2012

Btw, don't mind Rune Haalands incredible patriotic explanation. The real reason EVs are so popular here is that buying and using conventional cars are so heavily taxed that EVs are the only thing many can afford to run comfortably.

Click to expand...

That is an impressive list of incentives. Free toll roads, bus lane use, reduced ferry costs and cheap power do make them a no brainer. I wouldn't call a nation that exports that much oil and gas environmentally aware.Stainless said:



That is an impressive list of incentives. Free toll roads, bus lane use, reduced ferry costs and cheap power do make them a no brainer. 
.

Click to expand...

It's only temporary untill 2020 though. Our governmnet relies on the revenue it gets from taxing cars and everything relating to them, so they won't be able to just give it up like that. If people at large switch to electric cars then those electric cars will have to be taxed equal as heavy to compensate for the lost revenue. 


Stainless said:



I wouldn't call a nation that exports that much oil and gas environmentally aware.

Click to expand...

True.I see Chevy Volts often and someone who works in my building drives the Mitsubishi one daily[ArtDeco = The best skyscrapers] [ American Football  ][USA + Brazil]Hybrids from Toyota and Lexus are the most common ones, the only full electric cars
are these post vehicles:The Snälltåget ferrytrain to Berlin stops at Linköping Railway stationI think electric cars sales will go up in areas where people see them every day or who have friends who drive to work in them in that they won't seem as alien or strange to people who have never seen them before. Another interesting aspect about them is that if there are a group of electric cars in one area that people see almost everyday then there would possibly be a support group between the electric car owners and new possible owners which would help more people get electric cars. But in areas where there are not any electric cars on the streets then it will be a lot harder for people to get electric cars or at least understand them.Electric cars are useful for each person and it is climate friendly as well. There are many peoples who use electric cars. Many car companies provide great electric cars which are useful for climate and people as well.Lone Mountain Truck LeasingIve been looking for the right trade to enter in order to work on urban infrastructure problems for quiet some time now, and i am struggling between architecture and civic engineering. this is one of my ways of figuring it out, so indulge me, and indulge yourself!

So what are you trained as? An Architect? An Engineer? please specify the exact degree. if your just a hobbiest, don't be afraid to say so. i am newbie also.:lol:Mission: fertilize the web with verbal manure.I could say im stuck on the same question... Though, I'm leaning towards civil engineer.I'm a city planner. Though I have a Master's of Arts degree in Geography rather than a specific planning degree.All opinions are my own and not my employer's (or anyone else's).^^^^^^ OOOOooooohhh jarbury that's my dream come true. I'm thinking with a degree in civil engineering, I can work as a city planner.... What's it like to be a city planner?Less glamorous that it would seem. It's not like you get a pen and paper out and start designing cities everywhere (I have to do that in my spare time).

Usually it's helping people get environmental consents for projects, or alternatively helping out a council processing these consents. I spend a lot of my time as the Planner for the Historic Places Trust (the government's heritage advocacy arm really) writing up submissions opposing developments that would adversely affect heritage, or presenting evidence at hearings on similar issues. 

One day I hope to become a transportation planner, and help improve Auckland's horrific public transport system.All opinions are my own and not my employer's (or anyone else's).Yea, I'm leaning for transportation planner too. I just always thought city planners would be like the person who people would ask for help when integrating something to the community or the environment. 

Guess I better get ready to hit the books on civil engineering. :nuts:I have an Architectural Engineering degree. I work as a construction code inspector.[ArtDeco = The best skyscrapers] [ American Football  ][USA + Brazil]Yea I guess once you have a degree in transportation degree, you have a wide range of choices to pick from...Civil Engineering student, 4th semesterweava said:



I have an Architectural Engineering degree. I work as a construction code inspector.

Click to expand...

Architectural Engineering? sounds good. guess they don't teach that in the technion...:nuts:Mission: fertilize the web with verbal manure.My degree is in Transportation planning, but that's not my job. :-D^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
:spam1:

It's a hamburger...
It's a supermarket product...
It's Spaman!!!I'm a transportation planning student, 3/4 complete. I work in the Chicago Bicycle Program (see my signature) and assist my supervisor in managing bike parking across the city. 

See http://www.chicagobikes.org/bikeparking for the result of a major project I initiated and completed last year. Based on that work, I will be working remediating bike parking deserts across the city this year.My blogs: Steven Can Plan and Streetsblog Chicago, view my city transportation photos on my Flickr, and download the Chicago Bike Guide.HobbiestI am a hobbyists, I design and build buildings in Minecraft.i am a Software EngineerDeveloping PunjabArchitectural CollegeArt HistorianCommieblocks of Romania / of FranceCyril Power, "The Tube Station", linocut, 1932:










Claude Flight, "Speed", linocut, 1922










http://www.theguardian.com/artandde...l-view-avant-garde-british-printmaking-london


Gino Severini, "Suburban train arriving in Paris", 1915 (an ancestor of the RER / Transilien basically):










The painting can be seen at Tate Modern: http://www.tate.org.uk/art/artworks/severini-suburban-train-arriving-in-paris-t01070

This is from a fellow forumer:



Antje said:



The end of an era on the RER is nearing, so here is my attempt at a watercolour of the train:








Click to expand...Commieblocks of Romania / of Francegood^^I just have ride at baja 1000 haha...I thought drag racing was something only found in the US. Oh well. I learn something new each day!Chinese Around the World Daily Photos!!!| SSCyes, its nice car racing